




CHAPTER LXVI.



ENTITLED, PROHIBITION; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     O PROPHET, why holdest thou that to be prohibited which GOD hath allowed

thee, seeking to please thy wives; since GOD is inclined to forgive, and

merciful?

     GOD hath allowed you the dissolution of your oaths: and GOD is your

master; and he is knowing and wise.

     When the prophet intrusted as a secret unto one of his wives a certain

accident; and when she disclosed the same, and GOD made it known unto him; he

acquainted her with part of what she had done, and forbore to upbraid her with

the other part thereof.  And when he had acquainted her therewith, she said,

Who hath discovered this unto thee?  He answered, The knowing, the sagacious

God hath discovered it unto me.

     If ye both be turned unto GOD (for your hearts have swerved) it is well:

but if ye join against him, verily GOD is his patron; and Gabriel, and the

good man among the faithful, and the angels also are his assistants.

     If he divorce you, his LORD can easily give him in exchange other wives

better than you, women resigned unto God, true believers, devout, penitent,

obedient, given to fasting, both such as have been known by other men, and

virgins.

     O true believers, save your souls, and those of your families, from the

fire whose fuel is men and stones, over which are set angels fierce and

terrible; who disobey not GOD in what he hath commanded them, but perform

what they are commanded.

     O unbelievers, excuse not yourselves this day; ye shall surely be

rewarded for what ye have done.

     O true believers, turn unto GOD with a sincere repentance: peradventure

your LORD will do away from you your evil deeds, and will admit you into

gardens, through which rivers flow; on the day whereon GOD will not put to

shame the prophet, or those who believe with him: their light shall run before

them, and on their right hands, and they shall say, LORD, make our light

perfect, and forgive us: for thou art almighty.

     O prophet, attack the infidels with arms, and the hypocrites with

arguments; and treat them with severity: their abode shall be hell, and an ill

journey shall it be thither.

10     GOD propoundeth as a similitude unto the unbelievers, the wife of Noah,

and the wife of Lot: they were under two of our righteous servants, and they

deceived them both; wherefore their husbands were of no advantage unto them

at all, in the sight of GOD: and it shall be said unto them, at the last day,

Enter ye into hell fire, with those who enter therein.

     GOD also propoundeth as a similitude unto those who believe, the wife of

Pharaoh; when she said, LORD, build me a house with thee in paradise; and

deliver me from Pharaoh and his doings, and deliver me from the unjust people:

     and Mary the daughter of Imran; who preserved her chastity, and into

whose womb we breathed of our spirit, and who believed in the words of her

LORD, and his scriptures, and was a devout and obedient person.







