




CHAPTER XXX.



ENTITLED, THE GREEKS; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     A.L.M.

     THE Greeks have been overcome by the Persians,

     in the nearest part of the land; but after their defeat, they shall

overcome the others in their turn,

     within a few years.  Unto GOD belongeth the disposal of this matter, both

for what is past, and for what is to come: and on that day shall the believers

rejoice

     in the success granted by GOD; for he granteth success unto whom he

pleaseth, and he is the mighty, the merciful.

     This is the promise of GOD: GOD will not act contrary to his promise: but

the greater part of men know not the veracity of GOD.

     They know the outward appearance of this present life; but they are

careless as to the life to come.

     Do they not consider within themselves that GOD hath not created the

heavens and the earth, and whatever is between them, otherwise than in truth,

and hath set them a determined period?  Verily a great number of men reject

the belief of their future meeting their LORD at the resurrection.

     Do they not pass through the earth, and see what hath been the end of

those who were before them?  They excelled the Meccans in strength, and broke

up the earth, and inhabited it in greater affluence and prosperity than they

inhabit the same: and their apostles came unto them with evident miracles; and

GOD was not disposed to treat them unjustly, but they injured their own souls

by their obstinate infidelity;

10     and the end of those who had done evil was evil, because they charged the

signs of GOD with falsehood, and laughed the same to scorn.

     GOD produceth creatures, and will hereafter restore them to life: then

shall ye return unto him.

     And on the day whereon the hour shall come, the wicked shall be struck

dumb for despair;

     and they shall have no intercessors from among the idols which they

associated with God.  And they shall deny the false gods which they associated

with him.

     On the day whereon the hour shall come, on that day shall the true

believers and the infidels be separated:

     and they who shall have believed, and wrought righteousness, shall take

their pleasure in a delightful meadow;

     but as for those who shall have disbelieved, and rejected our signs, and

the meeting of the next life, they shall be delivered up to punishment.

     Wherefore glorify GOD, when the evening overtaketh you, and when ye rise

in the morning:

     and unto him be praise in heaven and earth; and at sunset, and when ye

rest at noon.

     He bringeth forth the living out of the dead, and he bringeth forth the

dead out of the living; and he quickeneth the earth after it hath been dead:

and in like manner shall ye be brought forth from your graves.

20     Of his signs one is, that he hath created you of dust; and behold, ye are

become men, spread over the face of the earth.

     And of his signs another is, that he hath created you, out of

yourselves, wives, that ye may cohabit with them; and hath put love and

compassion between you: verily herein are signs unto people who consider.

     And of his signs are also the creation of the heavens and the earth, and

the variety of your languages, and of your complexions: verily herein are

signs unto men of understanding.

     And of his signs are your sleeping by night and by day, and your seeking

to provide for yourselves of his abundance: verily herein are signs unto

people who hearken.

     Of his signs others are, that he showeth you the lightning, to strike

terror, and to give hope of rain, and that he sendeth down water from heaven,

and quickeneth thereby the earth, after it hath been dead; verily herein are

signs unto people who understand.

     And of his signs this also is one, namely, that the heaven and the earth

stand firm at command: hereafter, when he shall call you out of the earth at

one summons, behold, ye shall come forth.

     Unto him are subject whosoever are in the heavens and on earth: all are

obedient unto him.

     It is he who originally produceth a creature, and afterwards restoreth

the same to life: and this is most easy with him.  He justly challengeth the

most exalted comparison, in heaven and earth; and he is the mighty, the wise.

     He propoundeth unto a comparison taken from yourselves.  Have ye, among

the slaves whom your right hands possess, any partner in the substance which

we have bestowed on you, so that ye become equal sharers therein with them, or

that ye fear them as ye fear one another?  Thus we distinctly explain our

signs, unto people who understand.

     But those who act unjustly, by attributing companions unto God, follow

their own lusts, without knowledge: and who shall direct him whom GOD shall

cause to err?  They shall have none to help them.

30     Wherefore be thou orthodox, and set thy face towards the true religion,

the institution of GOD, to which he hath created mankind disposed: there is no

change in what GOD hath created.  This is the right religion; but the greater

part of men know it not.

     And be ye turned unto him, and fear him, and be constant at prayer, and

be not idolaters.

     Of those who have made a schism in their religion, and are divided into

various sects, every sect rejoice in their own opinion.

     When adversity befalleth men, they call upon their LORD, turning unto

him: afterwards, when he hath caused them to taste of his mercy, behold, a

part of them associate other deities with their LORD:

     to show themselves ungrateful for the favors which we have bestowed on

them.  Enjoy therefore the vain pleasures of this life; but hereafter shall ye

know the consequence.

     Have we sent down unto them any authority, which speaketh of the false

gods which they associate with him?

     When we cause men to taste mercy, they rejoice therein; but if evil

befalleth them, for that which their hands have before committed, behold, they

despair.

     Do they not see that GOD bestoweth provision abundantly on whom he

pleaseth, and is sparing unto whom he pleaseth?  Verily herein are signs unto

people who believe.

     Give unto him who is of kin to thee his reasonable due; and also to the

poor, and the stranger: this is better for those who seek the face of GOD; and

they shall prosper.

     Whatever ye shall give in usury, to be an increase of men's substance,

shall not be increased by the blessing of GOD: but whatever ye shall give in

alms, for GOD'S sake, they shall receive a twofold reward.

40     It is GOD who hath created you, and hath provided food for you: hereafter

will he cause you to die; and after that will he raise you again to life.  Is

there any of your false gods, who is able to do the least of these things?

Praise be unto him; and far be he removed from what they associate with him!

     Corruption hath appeared by land and by sea, for the crimes which men's

hands have committed; that it might make them to taste a part of the fruits

of that which they have wrought, that peradventure they might turn from their

evil ways.

     Say, Go through the earth, and see what hath been the end of those who

have been before you: the greater part of them were idolaters.

     Set thy face therefore towards the right religion, before the day cometh,

which none can put back from GOD.  On that day shall they be separated into

two companies:

     whoever shall have been an unbeliever, on him shall his unbelief be

charged; and whoever shall have done that which is right, shall spread

themselves couches of repose in paradise;

     that he may reward those who shall believe, and work righteousness, of

his abundant liberality; for he loveth not the unbelievers.

     Of his signs one is, that he sendeth the winds, bearing welcome tidings

of rain, that he may cause you to taste of his mercy; and that ships may sail

at his command, that ye may seek to enrich yourselves of his abundance by

commerce; and that ye may give thanks.

     We sent apostles, before thee, unto their respective people, and they

came unto them with evident proofs: and we took vengeance on those who did

wickedly; and it was incumbent on us to assist the true believers.

     It is GOD who sendeth the winds, and raiseth the clouds, and spreadeth

the same in the heaven, as he pleaseth; and afterwards disperseth the same:

and thou mayest see the rain issuing from the midst thereof; and when he

poureth the same down on such of his servants as he pleaseth, behold, they are

filled with joy;

     although before it was sent down unto them, before such relief, they were

despairing.

50     Consider therefore the traces of GOD'S mercy; how he quickeneth the

earth, after its state of death: verily the same will raise the dead; for he

is almighty.

     Yet if we should send a blasting wind, and they should see their corn

yellow and burnt up, they would surely become ungrateful, after our former

favors.

     Thou canst not make the dead to hear, neither canst thou make the deaf to

     neither canst thou direct the blind out of their error: thou shalt make

none to hear, except him who shall believe in our signs; for they are resigned

unto us.

     It is GOD who created you in weakness, and after weakness hath given you

strength; and after strength, he will again reduce you to weakness, and gray

hairs: he createth that which he pleaseth; and he is the wise, the powerful.

     On the day whereon the last hour shall come, the wicked will swear that

they have not tarried above an hour: in like manner did they utter lies in their

lifetime.

     But those on whom knowledge hath been bestowed, and faith, will say, Ye

have tarried, according to the book of GOD, until the day of resurrection;

for this is the day of resurrection; but ye knew it not.

     On that day their excuse shall not avail those who have acted unjustly;

neither shall they be invited any more to make themselves acceptable unto God.

     And now have we propounded unto men, in this Koran, parables of every

kind: yet if thou bring them a verse thereof, the unbelievers will surely say,

Ye are no other than publishers of vain falsehoods.

     Thus hath GOD sealed up the hearts of those who believe not:

60     But do thou, O Mohammed, persevere with constancy, for GOD is true; and

let not those induce thee to waver, who have no certain knowledge.







