




CHAPTER XXXV.



ENTITLED, THE CREATOR; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     PRAISE be unto GOD the Creator of heaven and earth; who maketh the angels

his messengers, furnished with two, and three, and four pair of wings: GOD

maketh what addition he pleaseth unto his creatures; for GOD is almighty.

     The mercy which GOD shall freely bestow on mankind, there is none who can

withhold; and what he shall withhold, there is none who can bestow, besides

him; and he is the mighty, the wise.

     O men, remember the favor of GOD towards you: is there any creator,

besides GOD, who provideth food for you from heaven and earth?  There is no

GOD but he: how therefore are ye turned aside from acknowledging his unity?

     If they accuse thee of imposture, apostles before thee have also been

accused of imposture: and unto GOD shall all things return.

     O men, verily the promise of GOD is true: let not therefore the present

life deceive you, neither let the deceiver deceive you concerning GOD:

     for Satan is an enemy unto you; wherefore hold him for an enemy: he only

inviteth his confederates to be the inhabitants of hell.

     For those who believe not there is prepared a severe torment: but for

those who shall believe and do that which is right, is prepared mercy and a

great reward.

     Shall he therefore for whom his evil work hath been prepared, and who

imagineth it to be good, be as he who is rightly disposed, and discerneth the

truth?  Verily GOD will cause to err whom he pleaseth, and will direct whom he

pleaseth.  Let not thy soul therefore be spent in sighs for their sakes, on

account of their obstinacy; for GOD well knoweth that which they do.

     It is God who sendeth the winds, and raiseth a cloud; and we drive the

same unto a dead country, and thereby quicken the earth after it hath been

dead; so shall the resurrection be.

10     Whoever desireth excellence; unto GOD doth all excellence belong: unto

him ascendeth the good speech; and the righteous work will he exalt.  But as

for them who devise wicked plots, they shall suffer a severe punishment; and

the device of those men shall be rendered vain.

     GOD created you first of the dust, and afterwards of seed; and he hath

made you man and wife.  No female conceiveth, or bringeth forth, but with his

knowledge.  Nor is anything added unto the age of him whose life is prolonged,

neither is anything diminished from his age, but the same is written in the

book of GOD's decrees.  Verily this is easy with GOD.

     The two seas are not to be held in comparison: this is fresh and sweet,

pleasant to drink: but that is salt and bitter: yet out of each of them ye

eat fish, and take ornaments for you to wear.  Thou seest the ships also

ploughing the waves thereof, that ye may seek to enrich yourselves by

commerce, of the abundance of God: peradventure ye will be thankful.

     He causeth the night to succeed the day, and he causeth the day to

succeed the night; and he obligeth the sun and the moon to perform their

services: each of them runneth an appointed course.  This is GOD, your LORD:

his is the kingdom.  But the idols which ye invoke besides him have not the

power even over the skin of a date-stone:

     if ye invoke them, they will not hear your calling; and although they

should hear, yet they would not answer you.  On the day of resurrection they

shall disclaim your having associated them with God: and none shall declare

unto thee the truth, like one who is well acquainted therewith.

     O men, ye have need of GOD; but GOD is self-sufficient, and to be

praised.

     If he pleaseth, he can take you away, and produce a new creature in your

stead:

     neither will this be difficult with GOD.

     A burdened soul shall not bear the burden of another: and if a heavy-

burdened soul call on another to bear part of its burden, no part thereof

shall be borne by the person who shall be called on, although he be ever so

nearly related.  Thou shalt admonish those who fear their LORD in secret and

are constant at prayer: and whoever cleanseth himself from the guilt of

disobedience, cleanseth himself to the advantage of his own soul; for all

shall be assembled before GOD at the last day.

     The blind and the seeing shall not be held equal;

20     neither darkness and light;

     nor the cool shade and the scorching wind:

     neither shall the living and the dead be held equal.  GOD shall cause

him to hear whom he pleaseth; but thou shalt not make those to hear who are in

their graves.

     Thou art no other than a preacher:

     verily we have sent thee with truth, a bearer of good tidings, and a

denouncer of threats.  There hath been no nation, but a preacher hath in past

times been conversant among them:

     if they charge thee with imposture, they who were before them likewise

charged their apostles with imposture.  Their apostles came unto them with

evident miracles, and with divine writings, and with the enlightening book:

     afterwards I chastised those who were unbelievers; and how severe was my

vengeance!

     Dost thou not see that GOD sendeth down rain from heaven, and that we

thereby produce fruits of various colours?  In the mountain also there are

some tracts white and red, of various colours; and others are of a deep

black:

     and of men, and beasts, and cattle there are whose colours are in like

manner various.  Such only of his servants fear GOD as are endued with

understanding: verily GOD is mighty and ready to forgive.

     Verily they who read the book of GOD, and are constant at prayer, and

give alms out of what we have bestowed on them, both in secret and openly,

hope for a merchandise which shall not perish:

30     that God may fully pay them their wages, and make them a superabundant

addition of his liberality; for he is ready to forgive the faults of his

servants, and to requite their endeavours.

     That which we have revealed unto thee of the book of the Koran is the

truth, confirming the scriptures which were revealed before it: for GOD

knoweth and regardeth his servants.

     And we have given the book of the Koran in heritage unto such of our

servants as we have chosen: of them there is one who injureth his own soul;

and there is another of them who keepeth the middle way; and there is another

of them who outstrippeth others in good works, by the permission of GOD.  This

is the great excellence.

     They shall be introduced into gardens of perpetual abode; they shall be

adorned therein with bracelets of gold and pearls, and their clothing therein

shall be of silk:

     and they shall say, Praise be unto GOD, who hath taken away sorrow from

us! verily our LORD is ready to forgive the sinners, and to reward the

obedient;

     who hath caused us to take up our rest in a dwelling of eternal

stability, through his bounty, wherein no labor shall touch us, neither shall

any weariness affect us.

     But for the unbelievers is prepared the fire of hell: it shall not be

decreed them to die a second time; neither shall any part of the punishment

thereof be made lighter unto them.  Thus shall every infidel be rewarded.

     And they shall cry out aloud in hell, saying, LORD, take us hence, and we

will work righteousness, and not what we have formerly wrought.  But it shall

be answered them, Did we not grant you lives of length sufficient, that

whoever would be warned might be warned therein; and did not the preacher

come unto you?  taste therefore the pains of hell.  And the unjust shall have

no protector.

     Verily GOD knoweth the secrets both of heaven and earth, for he knoweth

the innermost parts of the breasts of men.

     It is he who hath made you to succeed in the earth.  Whoever shall

disbelieve, on him be his unbelief; and their unbelief shall only gain the

unbelievers greater indignation in the sight of their LORD; and their unbelief

shall only increase the perdition of the unbelievers.

40     Say, What think ye of your deities which ye invoke besides GOD?  Show me

what part of the earth they have created.  Or had they any share in the

creation of the heavens?  Have we given unto the idolaters any book of

revelations, so that they may rely on any proof therefrom to authorize their

practice?  Nay; but the ungodly make unto one another only deceitful promises.

     Verily GOD sustaineth the heavens and the earth, lest they fail: and if

they should fail, none could support the same besides him; he is gracious and

merciful.

     The Koreish swore by GOD, with a most solemn oath, that if a preacher

had come unto them, they would surely have been more willingly directed than

any nation: but now a preacher is come unto them, it hath only increased in

them their aversion from the truth,

     their arrogance in the earth, and their contriving of evil; but the

contrivance of evil shall only encompass the authors thereof.  Do they expect

any other than the punishment awarded against the unbelievers of former times?

For thou shalt not find any change in the ordinance of GOD; neither shalt thou

find any variation in the ordinance of GOD.

     Have they not gone through the earth, and seen what hath been the end of

those who were before them; although they were more mighty in strength than

they?  GOD is not to be frustrated by anything either in heaven or on earth;

for he is wise and powerful.

     If GOD should punish men according to what they deserve, he would not

leave on the back of the earth so much as a beast: but he respiteth them to a

determined time; and when their time shall come, verily GOD will regard his

servants.







