




CHAPTER XXXIV.



ENTITLED, SABA; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     PRAISE be unto GOD, unto whom belongeth whatever is in the heavens and on

earth: and unto him be praise in the world to come; for he is wise and

intelligent.

     He knoweth whatsoever entereth into the earth, and whatsoever cometh out

of the same, and whatsoever descendeth from heaven, and whatsoever ascendeth

thereto: and he is merciful and ready to forgive.

     The unbelievers say, The hour of judgment will not come unto us.  Answer,

Yea, by my LORD, it will surely come unto you; it is he who knoweth the hidden

secret: the weight of an ant, either in heaven or in earth, is not absent from

him, nor anything lesser than this or greater, but the same is written in the

perspicuous book of his decrees;

     that he may recompense those who shall have believed, and wrought

righteousness: they shall receive pardon, and an honourable provision.

     But they who endeavour to render our signs of none effect shall receive a

punishment of painful torment.

     Those unto whom knowledge hath been given, see that the book which hath

been revealed unto thee from thy LORD is the truth, and directeth into the

glorious and laudable way.

     The unbelievers say to one another, Shall we show you a man who shall

prophesy unto you, that when ye shall have been dispersed with a total

dispersion, ye shall be raised a new creature?

     He hath forged a lie concerning GOD, or rather he is distracted.  But

they who believe not in the life to come shall fall into punishment and a wide

error.

     Have they not therefore considered what is before them, and what is

behind them, of the heaven and the earth?  If we please, we will cause the

earth to open and swallow them up, or will cause a piece of the heaven to fall

upon them: verily herein is a sign unto every servant, who turneth unto God.

10     We heretofore bestowed on David excellence from us: and we said, O

mountains, sing alternate praises with him; and we obliged the birds also to

join therein.  And we softened the iron for him,

     saying, Make thereof complete coats of mail, and rightly dispose the small

plates which compose the same: and work ye righteousness, O family of David;

for I see that which ye do.

     And we made the wind subject unto Solomon: it blew in the morning for a

month, and in the evening for a month.  And we made a fountain of molten brass

to flow for him.  And some of the genii were obliged to work in his presence,

by the will of his LORD; and whoever of them turned aside from our command, we

will cause him to taste the pain of hell fire.

     They made for him whatever he pleased of palaces, and statues, and large

dishes like fishponds, and caldrons standing firm on their trevets; and we

said, Work righteousness, O family of David, with thanksgiving; for few of my

servants are thankful.

     And when we had decreed that Solomon should die, nothing discovered his

death unto them, except the creeping thing of the earth, which gnawed his

staff.  And when his body fell down, the genii plainly perceived that if they

had known that which is secret, they had not continued in a vile punishment.

     The descendants of Saba had heretofore a sign in their dwelling; namely,

two gardens on the right hand and on the left, and it was said unto them, Eat

ye of the provision of your LORD, and give thanks unto him; ye have a good

country, and a gracious LORD.

     But they turned aside from what we had commanded them; wherefore we sent

against them the inundation of al Arem, and we changed their two gardens for

them into two gardens producing bitter fruit, and tamarisks, and some little

fruit of the lote-tree.

     This we gave them in reward, because they were ungrateful: is any thus

rewarded except the ungrateful?

     And we placed between them and the cities which we have blessed, cities

situated near each other; and we made the journey easy between them, saying,

Travel through the same by night and by day, in security.

     But they said, O LORD, put a greater distance between our journeys: and

they were unjust unto themselves; and we made them the subject of discourse,

and dispersed them with a total dispersion.  Verily, herein are signs unto

every patient, grateful person.

20     And Eblis found his opinion of them to be true: and they followed him,

except a party of the true believers:

     and he had no power over them, unless to tempt them, that we might know

him who believed in the life to come, from him who doubted thereof.  Thy LORD

observeth all things.

     Say unto the idolaters, Call upon those whom ye imagine to be gods,

besides GOD: they are not masters of the weight of an ant in heaven or on

earth, neither have they any share in the creation or government of the same;

nor is any of them assistant to him therein.

     No intercession will be of service in his presence, except the

intercession of him to whom he shall grant permission to intercede for

others: and they shall wait in suspense until, when the terror shall be taken

off from their hearts, they shall say to one another: What doth your LORD

say?  They shall answer, That which is just: and he is the high, the great

God.

     Say, Who provideth food for you from heaven and earth?  Answer, GOD: and

either we, or ye, follow the true direction, or are in a manifest error.

     Say, Ye shall not be examined concerning what we shall have committed:

neither shall we be examined concerning what ye shall have done.

     Say, Our LORD will assemble us together at the last day: then he will

judge between us with truth; and he is the judge, the knowing.

     Say, Show me those whom ye have joined as partners with him?  Nay; rather

he is the mighty, the wise GOD.

     We have not sent thee otherwise than unto mankind in general, a bearer of

good tidings, and a denouncer of threats; but the greater part of men do not

understand.

     And they say, When will this threat be fulfilled, if ye speak truth?

30     Answer, A threat is denounced unto you of a day which ye shall not retard

one hour, neither shall ye hasten.

     The unbelievers say, We will by no means believe in this Koran, nor in

that which hath been revealed before it.  But if thou couldest see when the

unjust doers shall be set before their LORD!  They will iterate discourse with

one another: those who were esteemed weak shall say unto those who behaved

themselves arrogantly, Had it not been for you, verily we had been true

believers.

     They who behaved themselves arrogantly shall say unto those who were

esteemed weak, Did we turn you aside from the true direction, after it had

come unto you?  On the contrary, ye acted wickedly of your own free choice.

     And they who were esteemed weak shall say unto those who behaved with

arrogance, Nay, but the crafty plot which ye devised by night and by day,

occasioned our ruin: when ye commanded us that we should not believe in GOD,

and that we should set up other gods as equals unto him.  And they shall

conceal their repentance, after they shall have seen the punishment prepared

for them.  And we will put yokes on the necks of those who shall have

disbelieved: shall they be rewarded any otherwise than according to what they

shall have wrought?

     We have sent no warner unto any city, but the inhabitants thereof who

lived in affluence said, Verily we believe not that with which ye are sent.

     And those of Mecca also say, We abound in riches and children, more than

ye; and we shall not be punished hereafter.

     Answer, Verily my LORD will bestow provision in abundance unto whom he

pleaseth, and will be sparing unto whom he pleaseth: but the greater part of

men know not this.

     Neither your riches nor your children are the things which shall cause

you to draw nigh unto us with a near approach: only whoever believeth, and

worketh righteousness, they shall receive a double reward for that which they

shall have wrought: and they shall dwell in security, in the upper apartments

of paradise.

     But they who shall endeavour to render our signs of none effect shall be

delivered up to punishment.

     Say, Verily my LORD will bestow provision in abundance unto whom he

pleaseth of his servants, and will be sparing unto whom he pleaseth: and

whatever thing ye shall give in alms, he will return it; and he is the best

provider of food.

40     On a certain day he shall gather them altogether: then shall he say unto

the angels, Did these worship you?

     And the angels shall answer, GOD forbid! thou art our friend, and not

these: but they worshipped devils; the greater part of them believed in them.

     On this day the one of you shall not be able either to profit or to hurt

the other.  And we will say unto those who have acted unjustly, Taste ye the

pain of hell fire, which ye rejected as a falsehood.

     When our evident signs are read unto them, they say of thee, O Mohammed,

This is no other than a man who seeketh to turn you aside from the gods which

your fathers worshipped.  And they say of the Koran, This is no other than a

lie blasphemously forged.  And the unbelievers say of the truth, when it is

come unto them, This is no other than manifest sorcery:

     yet we have given them no books of scripture wherein to exercise

themselves, nor have we sent unto them any warner before thee.

     They who were before them in like manner accused their prophets of

imposture: but these have not arrived unto the tenth part of the riches and

strength which we had bestowed on the former: and they accused my apostles of

imposture; and how severe was my vengeance!

     Say, Verily I advise you unto one thing, namely, that ye stand before GOD

by two and two, and singly; and then consider seriously and you will find

that there is no madness in your companion Mohammed: he is no other than a

warner unto you, sent before a severe punishment.

     Say, I ask not of you any reward for my preaching; it is your own,

either to give or not: my reward is to be expected from GOD alone; and he is

witness over all things.

     Say, Verily my LORD sendeth down the truth to his prophets: he is the

knower of secrets.

     Say, Truth is come, and falsehood is vanished, and shall not return any

more.

50     Say, If I err, verily I shall err only against my own soul: but if I be

rightly directed, it will be by that which my LORD revealeth unto me; for he

is ready to hear, and nigh unto those who call upon him.

     If thou couldest see, when the unbelievers shall tremble, and shall

find no refuge, and shall be taken from a near place,

     and shall say, We believe in him!  But how shall they receive the faith

from a distant place:

     since they had before denied him, and reviled the mysteries of faith,

from a distant place?

     And a bar shall be placed between them and that which they shall desire;

as it hath been done with those who behaved like them heretofore: because

they have been in a doubt which hath caused scandal.







