




CHAPTER XXII.



ENTITLED, THE PILGRIMAGE; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     O MEN of Mecca, fear your LORD.  Verily the shock of the last hour will

be a terrible thing.

     On the day whereon ye shall see it, every woman who giveth suck shall

forget the infant which she suckleth, and every female that is with young

shall cast her burden; and thou shalt see men seemingly drunk, yet they shall

not be really drunk: but the punishment of GOD will be severe.

     There is a man who disputeth concerning GOD without knowledge, and

followeth every rebellious devil:

     against whom it is written, that whoever shall take him for his patron,

he shall surely seduce him, and shall lead him into the torment of hell.

     O men, if ye be in doubt concerning the resurrection, consider that we

first created you of the dust of the ground; afterwards, of seed; afterwards,

of a little coagulated blood; afterwards, of a piece of flesh, perfectly

formed in part, and in part imperfectly formed; that we might make our power

manifest unto you: and we caused that which we please to rest in the wombs,

until the appointed time of delivery.  Then we bring you forth infants; and

afterwards we permit you to attain your age of full strength: and one of you

dieth in his youth, and another of you is postponed to a decrepit age, so that

he forgetteth whatever he knew.  Thou seest the earth sometimes dried up and

barren: but when we send down rain thereon, it is put in motion and swelleth,

and produceth every kind of luxuriant vegetables.

     This showeth that GOD is the truth, and that he raiseth the dead to life,

and that he is almighty;

     and that the hour of judgment will surely come (there is no doubt

thereof), and that GOD will raise again those who are in the graves.

     There is a man who disputeth concerning GOD without either knowledge, or

a direction, or an enlightening book;

     proudly turning his side, that he may seduce men from the way of GOD.

Ignominy shall attend him in this world; and on the day of resurrection we

will make him taste the torment of burning,

10     when it shall be said unto him.  This thou sufferest because of that

which thy hands have formerly committed; for GOD is not unjust towards

mankind.

     There are some men who serve GOD in a wavering manner, standing, as it

were, on the verge of the true religion.  If good befall one of them, he

resteth satisfied therein; but if any tribulation befall him, he turneth

himself round, with the loss both of this world, and of the life to come.

This is manifest perdition.

     He will call upon that, besides GOD, which can neither hurt him, nor

profit him.  This is an error remote from truth.

     He will invoke him who will sooner be of hurt to his worshipper than of

advantage.  Such is surely a miserable patron, and a miserable companion.

     But GOD will introduce those who shall believe, and do righteous works,

into gardens through which rivers flow; for GOD doth that which he pleaseth.

     Whoso thinketh that GOD will not assist his apostle in this world, and in

the world to come, let him strain a rope towards heaven, then let him put an

end to his life, and see whether his devices can render that ineffectual, for

which he was angry.

     Thus do we send down the Koran, being evident signs: for GOD directeth

whom he pleaseth.

     As to the true believers, and those who Judaize, and the Sabians, and the

Christians, and the Magians, and the idolaters; verily GOD shall judge between

them on the day of resurrection; for GOD is witness of all things.

     Dost thou not perceive that all creatures both in heaven and on earth

adore GOD; and the sun, and the moon, and the stars, and the mountains, and

the trees, and the beasts, and many men? but many are worthy of chastisement:

and whomsoever GOD shall render despicable, there shall be none to honour; for

GOD doth that which he pleaseth.

     These are two opposite parties, who dispute concerning their LORD.  And

they who believe not shall have garments of fire fitted unto them: boiling

water shall be poured on their heads;

20     their bowels shall be dissolved thereby, and also their skins;

     and they shall be beaten with maces of iron.

     So often as they shall endeavour to get out of hell, because of the

anguish of their torments, they shall be dragged back into the same; and their

tormentors shall say unto them, Taste ye the pain of burning.

     GOD will introduce those who shall believe, and act righteously, into

gardens through which rivers flow: they shall be adorned therein with

bracelets of gold, and pearls; and their vestures therein shall be silk.

     They are directed unto a good saying; and are directed into the

honourable way.

     But they who shall disbelieve, and obstruct the way of GOD, and hinder

men from visiting the holy temple of Mecca, which we have appointed for a

place of worship unto all men: the inhabitant thereof, and the stranger have

an equal right to visit it: and whosoever shall seek impiously to profane it,

we will cause him to taste a grievous torment.

     Call to mind when we gave the site of the house of the Caaba for an abode

unto Abraham, saying, Do not associate anything with me; and cleanse my house

for those who compass it, and who stand up, and who bow down to worship.

     And proclaim unto the people a solemn pilgrimage; let them come unto

thee on foot, and on every lean camel, arriving from every distant road;

     that they may be witnesses of the advantages which accrue to them from

the visiting this holy place, and may commemorate the name of GOD on the

appointed days, in gratitude for the brute cattle which he hath bestowed on

them.  Wherefore eat thereof, and feed the needy, and the poor.

     Afterwards let them put an end to the neglect of their persons; and let

them pay their vows, and compass the ancient house.

30     This let them do.  And whoever shall regard the sacred ordinances of

GOD; this will be better for him in the sight of his LORD.  All sorts of

cattle are allowed you to eat, except what hath been read unto you, in former

passages of the Koran, to be forbidden.  But depart from the abomination of

idols, and avoid speaking that which is false:

     being orthodox in respect to GOD, associating no other god with him; for

whoever associateth, any other with GOD is like that which falleth from

heaven, and which the birds snatch away, or the wind bloweth to a far distant

place.

     This is so.  And whoso maketh valuable offerings unto GOD; verily they

proceed from the piety of men's hearts.

     Ye receive various advantages from the cattle designed for sacrifices,

until a determined time for slaying them: then the place of sacrificing them

is at the ancient house.

     Unto the professors of every religion have we appointed certain rites,

that they may commemorate the name of GOD on slaying the brute cattle which

he hath provided for them.  Your GOD is one GOD: wherefore resign yourselves

wholly unto him.  And do thou bear good tidings unto those who humble

themselves;

     whose hearts, when mention is made of GOD, are struck with fear; and unto

those who patiently endure that which befalleth them; and who duly perform

their prayers, and give alms out of what we have bestowed on them.

     The camels slain for sacrifice have we appointed for you as symbols of

your obedience unto GOD: ye also receive other advantages from them.

Wherefore commemorate the name of GOD over them, when ye slay them,

standing on their feet disposed in right order: and when they are fallen down

dead, eat of them; and give to eat thereof both unto him who is content with

what is given him, without asking, and unto him who asketh.  Thus have we

given you dominion over them, that ye might return us thanks.

     Their flesh is not accepted of GOD, neither their blood; but your piety

is accepted of him.  Thus have we given you dominion over them, that ye might

magnify GOD, for the revelations whereby he hath directed you.  And bear good

tidings unto the righteous,

     that GOD will repel the ill designs of the infidels from the true

believers; for GOD loveth not every perfidious unbeliever.

     Permission is granted unto those who take arms against the unbelievers,

for that they have been unjustly persecuted by them (and GOD is certainly able

to assist them):

40     who have been turned out of their habitations injuriously, and for no

other reason than because they say, Our LORD is GOD.  And if GOD did not

repel the violence of some men by others, verily monasteries, and churches,

and synagogues, and the temples of the Moslems, wherein the name of GOD is

frequently commemorated, would be utterly demolished.  And GOD will certainly

assist him who shall be on his side: for GOD is strong and mighty.

     And he will assist those who, if we establish them in the earth, will

observe prayer, and give alms, and command that which is just, and forbid that

which is unjust.  And unto GOD shall be the end of all things.

     If they accuse thee, O Mohammed, of imposture; consider that, before

them, O Mohammed, of imposture; consider that, before them, the people of

Noah, and the tribes of Ad and Thamud,

     and the people of Abraham, and the people of Lot,

     and the inhabitants of Madian, accused their prophets of imposture: and

Moses was also charged with falsehood.  And I granted a long respite unto the

unbelievers: but afterwards I chastised them; and how different was the change

I made in their condition!

     How many cities have we destroyed, which were ungodly, and which are now

fallen to ruin on their roofs?  And how many wells have been abandoned, and

lofty castles?

     Do they not therefore journey through the land?  And have they not hearts

to understand with, or ears to hear with?  Surely as to these things their

eyes are not blind, but the hearts are blind which are in their breasts.

     They will urge thee to hasten the threatened punishment; but GOD will not

fail to perform what he hath threatened: and verily one day with thy LORD is

as a thousand years, of those which ye compute.

     Unto how many cities have I granted respite, though they were wicked?

Yet afterwards I chastised them: and unto me shall they come to be judged at

the last day.

     Say, O men, verily I am only a public preacher unto you.

50     And they who believe, and do good works, shall obtain forgiveness and an

honourable provision.

     But those who endeavour to make our signs of none effect shall be the

inhabitants of hell.

     We have sent no apostle, or prophet, before thee, but, when he read,

Satan suggested some error in his reading.  But GOD shall make void that

which Satan hath suggested: then shall GOD confirm his signs; for GOD is

knowing and wise.

     But this he permitteth, that he may make that which Satan hath suggested,

a temptation unto those in whose hearts there is an infirmity, and whose

hearts are hardened (for the ungodly are certainly in a wide disagreement from

the truth):

     and that they on whom knowledge hath been bestowed may know that this

book is the truth from thy LORD, and may believe therein; and that their

hearts may acquiesce in the same: for GOD is surely the director of those who

believe, into the right way.

     But the infidels will not cease to doubt concerning it, until the hour of

judgment cometh suddenly upon them; or until the punishment of a grievous day

overtake them.

     On that day the kingdom shall be GOD'S: he shall judge between them.  And

they who shall have believed, and shall have wrought righteousness, shall be

in gardens of pleasure;

     but they who shall have disbelieved, and shall have charged our signs

with falsehood, those shall suffer a shameful punishment.

     And as to those who shall have fled their country for the sake of GOD'S

true religion, and afterwards shall have been slain, or shall have died; on

them will GOD bestow an excellent provision; and GOD is the best provider.

     He will surely introduce them with an introduction with which they shall

be well pleased; for GOD is knowing and gracious.

60     This is so.  Whoever shall take a vengeance equal to the injury which

hath been done him, and shall afterwards be unjustly treated; verily GOD

will assist him: for GOD is merciful, and ready to forgive.

     This shall be done, for that GOD causeth the night to succeed the day,

and he causeth the day to succeed the night; and for that GOD both heareth and

seeth.

     This, because GOD is truth, and because what they invoke besides him is

vanity; and for that GOD is the high, the mighty.

     Dost thou not see that GOD sendeth down water from heaven, and the earth

becometh green? for GOD is gracious and wise.

     Unto him belongeth whatsoever is in heaven and on earth: and GOD is self-

sufficient, worthy to be praised.

     Dost thou not see that GOD hath subjected whatever is in the earth to

your service, and also the ships which sail in the sea, by his command?  And

he withholdeth the heaven that it fall not on the earth, unless by his

permission: for GOD is gracious unto mankind, and merciful.

     It is he who hath given you life, and will hereafter cause you to die;

afterwards he will again raise you to life, at the resurrection: but man is

surely ungrateful.

     Unto the professors of every religion have we appointed certain rites,

which they observe.  Let them not therefore dispute with thee concerning this

matter: but invite them unto thy LORD: for thou followest the right direction.

     But if they enter into debate with thee, answer, GOD well knoweth that

which ye do:

     GOD will judge between you on the day of resurrection, concerning that

wherein ye now disagree.

70     Dost thou not know that GOD knoweth whatever is in heaven and on earth?

Verily this is written in the book of his decrees: this is easy with GOD.

     They worship, besides GOD, that concerning which he hath sent down no

convincing proof, and concerning which they have no knowledge: but the unjust

doers shall have none to assist them.

     And when our evident signs are rehearsed unto them, thou mayest perceive,

in the countenances of the unbelievers, a disdain thereof: it wanteth little

but that they rush with violence on those who rehearse our signs unto them.

Say, Shall I declare unto you a worse thing than this?  The fire of hell,

which GOD hath threatened unto those who believe not, is worse; and an unhappy

journey shall it be thither.

     O men, a parable is propounded unto you; wherefore hearken unto it.

Verily the idols which ye invoke, besides GOD, can never create a single fly,

although they were all assembled for that purpose: and if the fly snatch

anything from them, they cannot recover the same from it.  Weak is the

petitioner, and the petitioned.

     They judge not of GOD according to his due estimation: for GOD is

powerful and mighty.

     GOD chooseth messengers from among the angels, and from among men: for

GOD is he who heareth and seeth.

     He knoweth that which is before them, and that which is behind them: and

unto GOD shall all things return.

     O true believers, bow down, and prostrate yourselves, and worship your

LORD; and work righteousness, that ye may be happy:

     and fight in defence of GOD'S true religion, as it behooveth you to fight

for the same.  He hath chosen you, and hath not imposed on you any difficulty

in the religion which he hath given you, the religion of your father Abraham:

he hath named you Moslems heretofore, and in this book; that our apostle may

be a witness against you at the day of judgment, and that ye may be witnesses

against the rest of mankind.  Wherefore be ye constant at prayer; and give

alms: and adhere firmly unto GOD.  He is your master; and he is the best

master, and the best protector.







