




CHAPTER XXV.



ENTITLED, AL FORKAN; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     BLESSED be he who hath revealed the Forkan unto his servant, that he may

be a preacher to all creatures:

     unto whom belongeth the kingdom of heaven and of earth: who hath begotten

no issue; and hath no partner in his kingdom: who hath created all things, and

disposed the same according to his determinate will.

     Yet have they taken other gods besides him; which have created nothing,

but are themselves created: and are able neither to avert evil from, nor to

procure good unto themselves; and have not the power of death, or of life,

or of raising the dead.

     And the unbelievers say, This Koran is no other than a forgery which he

hath contrived; and other people have assisted him therein: but they utter an

unjust thing, and a falsehood.

     They also say, These are fables of the ancients, which he hath caused to

be written down; and they are dictated unto him morning and evening.

     Say, He hath revealed it, who knoweth the secrets in heaven and earth:

verily he is gracious and merciful.

     And they say, What kind of apostle is this?  He eateth food, and walketh

in the streets, as we do: unless an angel be sent down unto him, and become a

fellow preacher with him;

     or unless a treasure be cast down unto him; or he have a garden, of the

fruit whereof he may eat; we will not believe.  The ungodly also say, Ye

follow no other than a man who is distracted.

     Behold what they liken thee unto.  But they are deceived; neither can

they find a just occasion to reproach thee.

10     Blessed be he, who, if he pleaseth, will make for thee a better provision

than this which they speak of; namely, gardens through which rivers flow: and

he will provide thee palaces.

     But they reject the belief of the hour of judgment, as a falsehood: and

we have prepared for him, who shall reject the belief of that hour, burning

fire;

     when it shall see them from a distant place, they shall hear it furiously

raging and roaring.

     And when they shall be cast, bound together, into a strait place thereof,

they shall there call for death;

     but it shall be answered them, Call not this day for one death, but call

for many deaths.

     Say, Is this better, or a garden of eternal duration, which is promised

unto the pious?  It shall be given unto them for a reward, and a retreat:

     therein shall they have whatever they please, continuing in the same

forever.  This is a promise to be demanded at the hands of thy LORD.

     On a certain day he shall assemble them, and whatever they worship,

besides GOD; and shall say unto the worshipped, Did ye seduce these my

servants; or did they wander of themselves from the right way?

     They shall answer, GOD forbid!  It was not fitting for us, that we should

take any protectors besides thee: but thou didst permit them and their fathers

to enjoy abundance; so that they forgot thy admonition, and became lost

people.

     And God shall say unto their worshippers, Now have these convinced you

of falsehood, in that which ye say: they can neither avert your punishment,

nor give you any assistance.  And whoever of you shall be guilty of injustice,

him will we cause to taste a grievous torment.

20     We have sent no messengers before thee, but they ate food, and walked

through the streets: and we make some of you an occasion of trial unto

others.  Will ye persevere with patience?  since the LORD regardeth your

perseverance.

     They who hope not to meet us at the resurrection say, Unless the angels

be sent down unto us, or we see our LORD himself, we will not believe.  Verily

they behave themselves arrogantly; and have transgressed with an enormous

transgression.

     The day whereon they shall see the angels, there shall be no glad

tidings on that day for the wicked; and they shall say, Be this removed far

from us?

     and we will come unto the work which they shall have wrought, and we will

make it as dust scattered abroad.

     On that day shall they who are destined to paradise be more happy in an

abode, and have a preferable place of repose at noon.

     On that day the heaven shall be cloven in sunder by the clouds, and the

angels shall be sent down, descending visibly therein.

     On that day the kingdom shall of right belong wholly unto the Merciful;

and that day shall be grievous for the unbelievers.

     On that day the unjust person shall bite his hand for anguish and

despair, and shall say, Oh that I had taken the way of truth with the apostle!

     Alas for me!  Oh that I had not taken such a one for my friend!

     He seduced me from the admonition of God, after it had come unto me: for

the devil is the betrayer of man.

30     And the apostle shall say, O LORD, verily my people esteemed this Koran

to be a vain composition.

     In like manner did we ordain unto every prophet an enemy from among the

wicked: but thy LORD is a sufficient director and defender.

     The unbelievers say, Unless the Koran be sent down unto him entire at

once, we will not believe.  But in this manner have we revealed it, that we

might confirm thy heart thereby, and we have dictated it gradually, by

distinct parcels.

     They shall not come unto thee with any strange question; but we will

bring thee the truth in answer, and a most excellent interpretation.

     They who shall be dragged on their faces into hell shall be in the worst

condition, and shall stray most widely from the way of salvation.

     We heretofore delivered unto Moses the book of the law; and we appointed

him Aaron his brother for a counsellor.

     And we said unto them, Go ye to the people who charge our signs with

falsehood.  And we destroyed them with a signal destruction.

     And remember the people of Noah, when they accused our apostles of

imposture: we drowned them, and made them a sign unto mankind.  And we have

prepared for the unjust a painful torment.

     Remember also Ad, and Thamud, and those who dwelt at al Rass; and many

other generations within this period.

     Unto each of them did we propound examples for their admonition; and each

of them did we destroy with an utter destruction.

40     The Koreish have passed frequently near the city which was rained on by a

fatal rain; have they not seen where it once stood?  Yet have they not

dreaded the resurrection.

     When they see thee, they will receive thee only with scoffing, saying, Is

this he whom GOD hath sent as his apostle?

     Verily he had almost drawn us aside from the worship of our gods, if we

had not firmly persevered in our devotion towards them.  But they shall know

hereafter, when they shall see the punishment prepared for them, who hath

strayed more widely from the right path.

     What thinkest thou?  He who taketh his lust for his god; canst thou be

his guardian?

     Dost thou imagine that the greater part of them hear, or understand?

They are no other than like the brute cattle; yea, they stray more widely from

the true path.

     Dost thou not consider the works of thy LORD, how he stretcheth forth the

shadow before sunrise?  If he had pleased, he would have made it immovable

forever.  Then we cause the sun to rise, and to show the same;

     and afterwards we contract it by an easy and gradual contraction.

     It is he who hath ordained the night to cover you as a garment; and sleep

to give you rest; and hath ordained the day for waking.

     It is he who sendeth the winds, driving abroad the pregnant clouds, as

the forerunners of his mercy: and we send down pure water from heaven,

     that we may thereby revive a dead country, and give to drink thereof unto

what we have created, both of cattle and men, in great numbers;

50     and we distribute the same among them at various times, that they may

consider: but the greater part of men refuse to consider, only out of

ingratitude.

     If we had pleased, we had sent a preacher unto every city:

     wherefore, do not thou obey the unbelievers; but oppose them herewith,

with a strong opposition.

     It is he who hath let loose the two seas; this fresh and sweet, and that

salt and bitter; and hath placed between them a bar, and a bound which cannot

be passed.

     It is he who hath created man of water, and hath made him to bear the

double relation of consanguinity and affinity; for thy LORD is powerful.

     They worship, besides GOD, that which can neither profit them nor hurt

them: and the unbeliever is an assistant of the devil against his LORD.

     We have sent thee to be no other than a bearer of good tidings, and a

denouncer of threats.

     Say, I ask not of you any reward for this my preaching; besides the

conversion of him who shall desire to take the way unto his LORD.

     And do thou trust in him who liveth, and dieth not; and celebrate his

praise: (he is sufficiently acquainted with the faults of his servants):

     who hath created the heavens and the earth, and whatever is between

them, in six days; and then ascended his throne: the Merciful.  Ask now the

knowing concerning him.

60     When it is said unto the unbelievers, Adore the Merciful; they reply, And

who is the Merciful?  Shall  we adore that which thou commandest us?  And

this precept causeth them to fly the faster from the faith.

     Blessed be he who hath placed the twelve signs in the heavens; and hath

placed therein a lamp by day, and the moon which shineth by night!

     It is he who hath ordained the night and the day to succeed each other,

for the observation of him who will consider, or desireth to show his

gratitude.

     The servants of the Merciful are those who walk meekly on the earth, and

when the ignorant speak unto them, answer, Peace:

     and who pass the night adoring their LORD, and standing up to pray unto

him;

     and who say, O LORD, avert from us the torment of hell, for the torment

thereof is perpetual;

     verily the same is a miserable abode and a wretched station:

     and who, when they bestow, are neither profuse nor niggardly; but observe

a just medium between these;

     and who invoke not another god together with the true GOD; neither slay

the soul which GOD hath forbidden to be slain, unless for a just cause: and

who are not guilty of fornication.  But he who shall do this shall meet the

reward of his wickedness:

     his punishment shall be doubled unto him on the day of resurrection; and

he shall remain therein, covered with ignominy, forever:

70     except him who shall repent and believe, and shall work a righteous

work; unto them will GOD change their former evils into good; for GOD is

ready to forgive, and merciful.

     And whoever repenteth, and doth that which is right; verily he turneth

unto GOD with an acceptable conversion.

     And they who do not bear false witness; and when they pass by vain

discourse, pass by the same with decency;

     and who, when they are admonished by the signs of their LORD, fall not

down as if they were deaf and blind, but stand up and are attentive thereto:

     and who say, O LORD, grant us of our wives and our offspring such as may

be the satisfaction of our eyes; and make us patterns unto those who fear

thee.

     These shall be rewarded with the highest apartments in paradise, because

they have persevered with constancy; and they shall meet therein with greeting

and salutation;

     they shall remain in the same forever: it shall be an excellent abode,

and a delightful station.

     Say, My LORD is not solicitous on your account, if ye do not invoke him:

ye have already charged his apostle with imposture; but hereafter shall there

be a lasting punishment inflicted on you.







