




CHAPTER XIII.



ENTITLED, THUNDER; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     A.L.M.R.  These are the signs of the book of the Koran: and that which

hath been sent down unto thee from thy LORD is the truth; but the greater part

of men will not believe.

     It is GOD who hath raised the heavens without visible pillars; and then

ascended his throne, and compelled the sun and the moon to perform their

services; every of the heavenly bodies runneth an appointed course.  He

ordereth all things.  He showeth his signs distinctly, that ye may be assured

ye must meet your LORD at the last day.

     It is he who hath stretched forth the earth, and placed therein steadfast

mountains, and rivers; and hath ordained therein of every fruit two different

kinds.  He causeth the night to cover the day.  Herein are certain signs unto

people who consider.

     And in the earth are tracts of land of different natures, though

bordering on each other; and also vineyards, and seeds, and palm-trees

springing several from the same root, and singly from distinct roots.  They

are watered with the same water, yet we render some of them more excellent

than others to eat.  Herein are surely signs unto people who understand.

     If thou dost wonder at the infidels denying the resurrection, surely

wonderful is their saying, After we shall have been reduced to dust, shall we

be restored in a new creature?  These are they who believe not in their LORD:

these shall have collars on their necks, and these shall be the inhabitants of

hell fire: therein shall they abide for ever.

     They will ask of thee to hasten evil rather than good: although there

have already been examples of the divine vengeance before them.  Thy LORD is

surely endued with indulgence towards men, notwithstanding their iniquity; but

thy LORD is also severe in punishing.

     The infidels say, Unless a sign be sent down unto him from his LORD, we

will not believe.  Thou art commissioned to be a preacher only, and not a

worker of miracles: and unto every people hath a director been appointed.

     GOD knoweth what every female beareth in her womb; and what the wombs

want or exceed of their due time, or number of young.  With him is everything

regulated according to a determined measure.

     He knoweth that which is hidden, and that which is revealed.  He is the

great, the most high.

10     He among you who concealeth his words, and he who proclaimeth them in

public; he also who seeketh to hide himself in the night, and he who goeth

forth openly in the day, is equal in respect to the knowledge of God.

     Each of them hath angels mutually succeeding each other, before him, and

behind him; they watch him by the command of GOD.  Verily GOD will not change

his grace which is in men, until they change the disposition in their souls by

sin.  When GOD willeth evil on a people there shall be none to avert it;

neither shall they have any protector beside him.

     It is he who causeth the lightning to appear unto you, to strike fear,

and to raise hope, and who formeth the pregnant clouds.

     The thunder celebrateth his praise, and the angels also, for fear of

him.  He sendeth his thunderbolts, and striketh therewith whom he pleaseth,

while they dispute concerning GOD; for he is mighty in power.

     It is he who ought of right to be invoked; and the idols, which they

invoke besides him, shall not hear them at all; otherwise than as he is heard,

who stretcheth forth his hands to the water that it may ascend to his mouth,

when it cannot ascend thither: the supplication of the unbelievers is utterly

erroneous.

     Whatsoever is in heaven and on earth worshippeth GOD, voluntarily or of

force; and their shadows also, morning and evening.

     Say, Who is the LORD of heaven and earth?  Answer, GOD.  Say, Have ye,

therefore, taken unto yourselves protectors beside him, who are unable either

to help, or to defend themselves from hurt?  Say, Shall the blind and the

seeing be esteemed equal? or shall darkness and light be accounted the same?

or have they attributed companions unto GOD who have created as he hath

created, so that their creation bear any resemblance unto his?  Say, GOD is

the creator of all things; he is the one, the victorious God.

     He causeth water to descend from heaven, and the brooks flow according to

their respective measure, and the floods bear the floating froth: and from the

metals which they melt in the fire, seeking to cast ornaments or vessels for

use, there ariseth a scum like unto it.  Thus GOD setteth forth truth and

vanity.  But the scum is thrown off, and that which is useful to mankind

remaineth on the earth.  Thus doth GOD put forth parables.

     Unto those who obey their LORD shall be given the most excellent reward:

but those who obey him not, although they were possessed of whatever is in

the whole earth and as much more, they would give it all for their ransom.

These will be brought to a terrible account: their abode shall be hell; an unhappy

couch shall it be!

     Shall he, therefore, who knoweth that what hath been sent down unto thee

from thy LORD, is truth, be rewarded as he who is blind?  The prudent only

will consider;

20     who fulfil the covenant of GOD, and break not their contract;

     and who join that which GOD hath commanded to be joined, and who fear

their LORD, and dread an ill account;

     and who persevere out of a sincere desire to please their LORD, and

observe the stated times of prayer, and give alms out of what we have bestowed

on them, in secret and openly, and who turn away evil with good: the reward of

these shall be paradise,

     gardens of eternal abode, which they shall enter, and also whoever shall

have acted uprightly, of their fathers, and their wives, and their posterity:

and the angels shall go in unto them by every gate,

     saying, Peace be upon you, because ye have endured with patience; how

excellent a reward is paradise!

     But as for those who violate the covenant of GOD, after the establishment

thereof, and who cut in sunder that which GOD hath commanded to be joined, and

act corruptly in the earth, on them shall a curse fall, and they shall have a

miserable dwelling in hell.

     GOD giveth provision in abundance unto whom he pleaseth, and is sparing

unto whom he pleaseth.  Those of Mecca rejoice in the present life; although

the present life, in respect of the future, is but a precarious provision.

     The infidels say, Unless a sign be sent down unto him from his LORD, we

will not believe.  Answer, Verily, GOD will lead into error whom he pleaseth,

and will direct unto himself him who repenteth,

     and those who believe, and whose hearts rest securely in the meditation

of GOD; shall not men's hearts rest securely in the meditation of GOD?  They

who believe and do that which is right shall enjoy blessedness, and partake of

a happy resurrection.

30     Thus have we sent thee to a nation which other nations have preceded

unto whom prophets have likewise been sent, that thou mayest rehearse unto

them that which we have revealed unto thee, even while they believe not in the

merciful God.  Say unto them, He is my LORD; there is no GOD but he: in him do

I trust, and unto him must I return.

     Though a Koran were revealed by which mountains should be removed, or

the earth cleaved in sunder, or the dead be caused to speak, it would be in

vain.  But the matter belongeth wholly unto GOD.  Do not, therefore, the

believers know, that if GOD pleased, he would certainly direct all men?  Adversity

shall not cease to afflict the unbelievers for that which they have committed,

or to sit down near their habitations, until GOD'S promise come; for GOD is not

contrary to the promise.

     Apostles before thee have been laughed to scorn; and I permitted the

infidels to enjoy a long and happy life: but afterwards I punished them; and

how severe was the punishment which I inflicted on them!

     Who is it, therefore, that standeth over every soul, to observe that

which it committeth?  They attribute companions unto GOD.  Say, Name them:

will ye declare unto him that which he knoweth not in the earth? or will ye

name them in outward speech only?  But the deceitful procedure of the

infidels was prepared for them; and they are turned aside from the right path:

for he whom GOD shall cause to err, shall have no director.

     They shall suffer a punishment in this life; but the punishment of the

next shall be more grievous: and there shall be none to protect them against

GOD.

     This is the description of paradise, which is promised to the pious.  It

is watered by rivers; its food is perpetual, and its shade also: this shall be

the reward of those who fear God.  But the reward of the infidels shall be

hell fire.  Those to whom we have given the scriptures, rejoice at what hath

been revealed unto thee. Yet there are some of the confederates who deny

part thereof.  Say unto them, Verily I am commanded to worship GOD alone;

and to give him no companion: upon him do I call, and unto him shall I return.

     To this purpose have we sent down the Koran a rule of judgment, in the

Arabic language.  And verily, if thou follow their desires, after the

knowledge which hath been given thee, there shall be none to defend or protect

thee against GOD.

     We have formerly sent apostles before thee, and bestowed on them wives

and children; and no apostle had the power to come with a sign, unless by the

permission of GOD.  Every age hath its book of revelation:

     GOD shall abolish and shall confirm what he pleaseth.  With him is the

original of the book.

40     Moreover, whether we cause thee to see any part of that punishment

wherewith we have threatened them, or whether we cause thee to die before

it be inflicted on them, verily unto thee belongeth preaching only, but unto us

inquisition.

     Do they not see that we come into their land, and straighten the borders

thereof, by the conquests of the true believers?  When GOD judgeth, there is

none to reverse his judgment: and he will be swift in taking an account.

     Their predecessors formerly devised subtle plots against their prophets;

but GOD is master of every subtle device.  He knoweth that which every soul

deserveth: and the infidels shall surely know, whose will be the reward of

paradise.

     The unbelievers will say, Thou art not sent of God.  Answer, GOD is a

sufficient witness between me and you, and he who understandeth the

scriptures.







