




CHAPTER LXXIII.



ENTITLED, THE WRAPPED UP; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     O THOU wrapped up,

     arise to prayer, and continue therein during the night, except a small

part;

     that is to say, during one half thereof: or do thou lessen the same a

little

     or add thereto.  And repeat the Koran with a distinct and sonorous

voice:

     for we will lay on thee a weighty word.

     Verily the rising by night is more efficacious for steadfast continuance

in devotion, and more conducive to decent pronunciation:

     for in the day-time thou hast long employment.

     And commemorate the name of thy LORD; and separate thyself unto him,

renouncing worldly vanities.

     He is the LORD of the east, and of the west; there is no GOD but he.

Wherefore take him for thy patron:

10     and patiently suffer the contumelies which the infidels utter against

thee; and depart from them with a decent departure.

     And let me alone with those who charge the Koran with falsehood, who

enjoy the blessings of this life; and bear with them for a while:

     verily with us are heavy fetters, and a burning fire,

     and food ready to choke him who swalloweth it, and painful torment.

     On a certain day the earth shall be shaken, and the mountains also, and

the mountains shall become a heap of sand poured forth.

     Verily we have sent unto you an apostle, to bear witness against you; as

we sent an apostle unto Pharaoh;

     but Pharaoh was disobedient unto the apostle; wherefore we chastised him

with a heavy chastisement.

     How, therefore, will ye escape, if ye believe not, the day which shall

make children become gray-headed through terror?

     The heaven shall be rent in sunder thereby: the promise thereof shall

surely be performed.

     Verily this is an admonition; and whoever is willing to be admonished

will take the way unto his LORD.

20     Thy LORD knoweth that thou continuest in prayer and meditation sometimes

near two third parts of the night, and sometimes one half thereof, and at

other times one third part thereof; and a part of thy companions, who are with

thee, do the same.  But GOD measureth the night and the day; he knoweth that

ye cannot exactly compute the same: wherefore he turneth favourably unto you.

Read, therefore, so much of the Koran as may be easy unto you.  He knoweth

that there will be some infirm among you; and others travel through the earth,

that they may obtain a competency of the bounty of GOD; and others fight in

the defence of GOD'S faith.  Read, therefore, so much of the same as may be

easy.  And observe the stated times of prayer, and pay the legal alms; and

lend unto GOD an acceptable loan; for whatever good ye send before your souls,

ye shall find the same with GOD.  This will be better, and will merit a

greater reward.  And ask GOD forgiveness; for GOD is ready to forgive, and

merciful.







