




CHAPTER VI.



ENTITLED, CATTLE; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     PRAISE be unto GOD, who hath created the heavens and the earth, and hath

ordained the darkness and the light; nevertheless they who believe not in the

LORD equalize other gods with him.

     It is he who hath created you of clay; and then decreed the term of your

lives; and the prefixed term is with him: yet do ye doubt thereof.

     He is GOD in heaven and in earth; he knoweth what ye keep secret, and

what ye publish, and knoweth what ye deserve.

     There came not unto them any sign, of the signs of their LORD, but they

retired from the same;

     and they have gainsaid the truth, after that it hath come unto them: but

a message shall come unto them, concerning that which they have mocked at.

     Do they not consider how many generations we have destroyed before them?

We had established them in the earth in a manner wherein we have not

established you; we sent the heaven to rain abundantly upon them, and we gave

them rivers which flowed under their feet: yet we destroyed them in their

sins, and raised up other generations after them.

     Although we had caused to descend unto thee a book written on paper, and

they had handled it with their hands, the unbelievers had surely said, This is

no other than manifest sorcery.

     They said, Unless an angel be sent down unto him, we will not believe.

But if we had sent down an angel, verily the matter had ben decreed, and they

should not have been borne with, by having time granted them to repent.

     And if we had appointed an angel for our messenger, we should have sent

him in the form of a man, and have clothed him before them, as they are

clothed.

10     Other apostles have been laughed to scorn before thee, but the judgment

which they made a jest of encompassed those who laughed them to scorn.

     Say, Go through the earth, and behold what hath been the end of those,

who accused our prophets of imposture.

     Say, Unto whom belongeth whatsoever is in heaven and earth?  Say, Unto

GOD, He hath prescribed unto himself mercy.  He will surely gather you

together on the day of resurrection; there is no doubt of it.  They who

destroy their own souls are those who will not believe.

     Unto him is owing whatsoever happeneth by night or by day; it is he who

heareth and knoweth.

     Say, Shall I take any other protector than GOD, the creator of heaven and

earth, who feedeth all and is not fed by any?  Say, Verily I am commanded to

be the first who professeth Islâm, and it was said unto me, Thou shalt by no

means be one of the idolaters.

     Say, Verily I fear, if I should rebel against my LORD, the punishment of

the great day:

     from whomsoever it shall be averted on that day, God will have been

merciful unto him; this will be manifest salvation.

     If GOD afflict thee with any hurt, there is none who can take it off from

thee, except himself; but if he cause good to befall thee, he is almighty;

     he is the supreme Lord over his servants, and he is wise and knowing.

     Say, What thing is the strongest in bearing testimony?  Say, GOD; he is

witness between me and you. And this Koran was revealed unto me, that I should

admonish you thereby, and also those unto whom it shall reach.  Do ye really

profess that there are other gods together with GOD?  Say, I do not profess

this.  Say, Verily he is one GOD; and I am guiltless of what ye associate with

him.

20     They unto whom we have given the scripture know our apostle, even as

they know their own children; but they who destroy their own souls will not

believe.

     Who is more unjust than he who inventeth a lie against GOD, or chargeth

his signs with imposture?  Surely, the unjust shall not prosper.

     And on the day of resurrection we will assemble them all; then will we

say unto those who associated others with God, Where are your companions,

whom ye imagined to be those of God?

     But they shall have no other excuse, than that they shall say, by GOD our

LORD, we have not been idolaters.

     Behold, how they lie against themselves, and what they have blasphemously

imagined to be the companion of God flieth from them.

     There is of them who hearkeneth unto thee when thou readest the Koran;

but we have cast veils over their hearts, that they should not understand it,

and a deafness in their ears: and though they should see all kinds of signs,

they will not believe therein; and their infidelity will arrive to that height

that they will even come unto thee, to dispute with thee.  The unbelievers

will say, This is nothing but silly fables of ancient times.

     And they will forbid others from believing therein, and will retire afar

off from it; but they will destroy their own souls only, and they are not

sensible thereof.

     If thou didst see when they shall be set over the fire of hell!  and they

shall say, Would to GOD we might be sent back into the world; we would not

charge the signs of our LORD with imposture, and we would become true

believers:

     nay, but that is become manifest unto them, which they formerly

concealed; and though they should be sent back into the world, they would

surely return to that which was forbidden them; and they are surely liars.

     And they said, There is no other life than our present life; neither

shall we be raised again.

30     But if thou couldest see, when they shall be set before their LORD!  He

shall say unto them, Is not this in truth come to pass?  They shall answer,

Yea, by our LORD.  God shall say, Taste therefore the punishment due unto you,

for that ye have disbelieved.

     They are lost who reject as a falsehood the meeting of GOD in the next

life, until the hour cometh suddenly upon them.  Then will they say, Alas!

for that we have behaved ourselves negligently in our lifetime; and they shall

carry their burdens on their backs; will it not be evil which they shall be

loaden with?

     This present life is no other than a play and a vain amusement; but

surely the future mansion shall be better for those who fear God: will they

not therefore understand?

     Now we know that what they speak grieveth thee: yet they do not accuse

thee of falsehood; but the ungodly contradict the signs of GOD.

     And apostles before thee have been accounted liars: but they patiently

bore their being accounted liars, and their being vexed, until our help came

unto them; for there is none who can change the words of GOD: and thou hast

received some information concerning those who have been formerly sent from

him.

     If their aversion to thy admonitions be grievous unto thee, if thou canst

seek out a den whereby thou mayest venetrate into the inward parts of the

earth, or a ladder by which thou mayest ascend into heaven, that thou mayest

show them a sign, do so, but thy search will be fruitless; for if GOD pleased

he would bring them all to the true direction: be not therefore one of the

ignorant.

     He will give a favorable answer unto those only who shall hearken with

attention: and GOD will raise the dead; then unto him shall they return.

     The infidels say, Unless some sign be sent down unto him from his LORD,

we will not believe: answer, Verily GOD is able to send down a sign: but the

greater part of them know it not.

     There is no kind of beast on earth, nor fowl which flieth with its wings,

but the same is a people like unto you; we have not omitted anything in the

book of our decrees: then unto their LORD shall they return.

     They who accuse our signs of falsehood are deaf and dumb, walking in

darkness: GOD will lead into error whom he pleaseth, and whom he pleaseth he

will put in the right way.

40     Say, What think ye? if the punishment of GOD come upon you, or the hour

of the resurrection come upon you, will ye call upon any other than GOD, if ye

speak truth?

     yea, him shall ye call upon, and he shall free you from that which ye

shall ask him to deliver you from, if he pleaseth; and ye shall forget that

which ye associated with him.

     We have already sent messengers unto sundry nations before thee, and we

afflicted them with trouble and adversity that they might humble themselves:

     yet when the affliction which we sent came upon them, they did not humble

themselves; but their hearts became hardened, and Satan prepared for them

that which they committed.

     And when they had forgotten that concerning which they had been

admonished, we opened unto them the gates of all things; until, while they

were rejoicing for that which had been given them, we suddenly laid hold on

them, and behold, they were seized with despair;

     and the utmost part of the people which had acted wickedly was cut off:

praise be unto GOD, the LORD of all creatures!

     Say, what think ye? if GOD should take away your hearing and your sight,

and should seal up your hearts; what god besides GOD will restore them unto

you?  See how variously we show forth the signs of GOD's unity; yet do they

turn aside from them.

     Say unto them, What think ye? if the punishment of GOD come upon you

suddenly, or in open view; will any perish, except the ungodly people?

     We send not our messengers otherwise than bearing good tidings and

denouncing threats.  Whoso therefore shall believe and amend, on them shall no

fear come, neither shall they be grieved:

     but whoso shall accuse our signs of falsehood, a punishment shall fall on

them, because they have done wickedly.

50     Say, I say not unto you, The treasures of GOD are in my power: neither

do I say, I know the secrets of God: neither do I say unto you, Verily I am an

angel: I follow only that which is revealed unto me.  Say, Shall the blind and

the seeing be held equal? do ye not therefore consider?

     Preach it unto those who fear that they shall be assembled before their

LORD: they shall have no patron nor intercessor, except him; that peradventure

they may take heed to themselves.

     Drive not away those who call upon their LORD morning and evening,

desiring to see his face; it belongeth not unto thee to pass any judgment on

them, nor doth it belong unto them to pass any judgment on thee: therefore if

thou drive them away, thou wilt become one of the unjust.

     Thus have we proved some part of them by other part, that they may say,

Are these the people among us unto whom GOD hath been gracious?  Doth not GOD

most truly know those who are thankful?

     And when they who believe in our signs shall come unto thee, say, Peace

be upon you.  Your LORD hath prescribed unto himself mercy; so whoever among

you worketh evil through ignorance, and afterwards repenteth and amendeth;

unto him will he surely be gracious and merciful.

     Thus have we distinctly propounded our signs, that the path of the wicked

might be made known.

     Say, Verily I am forbidden to worship the false deities which ye invoke,

besides GOD.  Say, I will not follow your desires; for then should I err,

neither should I be one of those who are rightly directed.

     Say, I behave according to the plain declaration, which I have received

from my LORD; but ye have forged lies concerning him.  That which ye desire

should be hastened, is not in my power; judgment belongeth only unto GOD; he

will determine the truth; and he is the best discerner.

     Say, If what ye desire should be hastened were in my power, the matter

had been determined between me and you: but GOD well knoweth the unjust.

     With him are the keys of the secret things; none knoweth them besides

himself: he knoweth that which is on the dry land and in the sea; there

falleth no leaf, but he knoweth it; neither is there a single grain in the

dark parts of the earth, neither a green thing, nor a dry thing, but it is

written in the perspicuous book.

60     It is he who causeth you to sleep by night, and knoweth what ye merit by

day; he also awaketh you therein, that the prefixed term of your lives may be

fulfilled; then unto him shall ye return, and he shall declare unto you that

which ye have wrought.

     He is supreme over his servants, and sendeth the guardian angels to watch

over you, until, when death overtaketh one of you, our messengers cause him

to die: and they will not neglect our commands.

     Afterwards shall they return unto GOD, their true LORD: doth not judgment

belong unto him?  he is the most quick in taking an account.

     Say, Who delivereth you from the darkness of the land, and of the sea,

when ye call upon him humbly and in private, saying, Verily if thou deliver

us from these dangers, we will surely be thankful?

     Say, GOD delivereth you from them, and from every grief of mind; yet

afterwards ye give him companions.

     Say, He is able to send on you a punishment from above you, or from

under your feet, or to engage you in dissension, and to make some of you

taste the violence of others.  Observe how variously we show forth our signs,

that peradventure they may understand.

     This people hath accused the revelation which thou hast brought of

falsehood, although it be the truth.  Say, I am not a guardian over you:

     every prophecy hath its fixed time of accomplishment; and he will hereafter

know it.

     When thou seest those who are engaged in cavilling at, or ridiculing our

signs, depart from them, until they be engaged in some other discourse: and if

Satan cause thee to forget this precept, do not sit with the ungodly people

after recollection.

     They who fear God are not at all accountable for them, but their duty is

to remember that they may take heed to themselves.

70     Abandon those who make their religion a sport and a jest; and whom the

present life hath deceived: and admonish them by the Koran, that a soul

becometh liable to destruction for that which it committeth: it shall have no

patron nor intercessor besides GOD: and if it could pay the utmost price of

redemption, it would not be accepted from it.  They who are delivered over to

perdition for that which they have committed shall have boiling water to

drink, and shall suffer a grievous punishment, because they have disbelieved.

     Say, Shall we call upon that, besides GOD, which can neither profit us,

nor hurt us? and shall we turn back on our heels, after that GOD hath directed

us; like him whom the devils have infatuated, wandering amazedly in the earth,

and yet having companions who call him into the true direction, saying, Come

unto us?  Say, the direction of GOD is the true direction; we are commanded to

resign ourselves unto the LORD of all creatures;

     and it is also commanded us, saying, Observe the stated times of prayer,

and fear him; for it is he before whom ye shall be assembled.

     It is he who hath created the heavens and the earth in truth; and

whenever he saith unto a thing, Be, it is.  His word is the truth; and his will be

the kingdom on the day whereon the trumpet shall be sounded: he knoweth

whatever is secret, and whatever is public; he is the wise, the knowing.

     Call to mind when Abraham said unto his father Azer, Dost thou take

images for gods?  Verily I perceive that thou and thy people are in a

manifest error.

     And thus did we show unto Abraham the kingdom of heaven and earth, that

he might become one of those who firmly believe.

     And when the night overshadowed him, he saw a star, and he said, This is

my LORD; but when it set, he said, I like not gods which set.

     And when he saw the moon rising, he said, This is my LORD; but when he

saw it set, he said, Verily if my LORD direct me not, I shall become one of

the people who go astray.

     And when he saw the sun rising, he said, This is my LORD, this is the

greatest; but when it set, he said, O my people, verily I am clear of that

which ye associate with God:

     I direct my face unto him who hath created the heavens and the earth; I

am orthodox, and am not one of the idolaters.

80     And his people disputed with him: and he said, Will ye dispute with me

concerning GOD? since he hath now directed me, and I fear not that which ye

associate with him, unless that my LORD willeth a thing; for my LORD

comprehendeth all things by his knowledge: will ye not therefore consider?

     And how should I fear that which ye associate with God, since ye fear not

to have associated with GOD that concerning which he hath sent down unto you

no authority? which therefore of the two parties is the more safe, if ye

understand aright?

     They who believe, and clothe not their faith with injustice, they shall

enjoy security, and they are rightly directed.

     And this is our argument wherewith we furnished Abraham that he might

make use of it against his people: we exalt unto degrees of wisdom and

knowledge whom we please; for thy LORD is wise and knowing.

     And we gave unto them Isaac and Jacob; we directed them both: and Noah

had we before directed, and of his posterity David and Solomon; and Job, and

Joseph, and Moses, and Aaron: thus do we reward the righteous:

     and Zacharias, and John, and Jesus, and Elias; all of them were upright

men:

     and Ismael, and Elisha, and Jonas, and Lot; all these have we favored

above the rest of the world;

     and also divers of their fathers, and their issue, and their brethren;

and we chose them, and directed them into the right way.

     This is the direction of GOD, he directeth thereby such of his servants

as he pleaseth; but if they had been guilty of idolatry, that which they

wrought would have become utterly fruitless unto them.

     Those were the persons unto whom we gave the scripture, and wisdom, and

prophecy; but if these believe not therein, we will commit the care of them

to a people who shall not disbelieve the same.

90     Those were the persons whom GOD hath directed, therefore follow their

direction.  Say unto the inhabitants of Mecca, I ask of you no recompense for

preaching the Koran; it is no other than an admonition unto all creatures.

     They make not a due estimation of GOD, when they say, GOD hath not sent

down unto man anything at all: Say, Who sent down the book which Moses

brought, a light and a direction unto men; which ye transcribe on papers,

whereof ye publish some part, and great part whereof ye conceal? and ye have

been taught by Mohammed what ye knew not, neither your fathers.  Say, GOD sent

it down: then leave them to amuse themselves with their vain discourse.

     This book which we have sent down is blessed; confirming that which was

revealed before it; and is delivered unto thee that thou mayest preach it unto

the metropolis of Mecca and to those who are round about it.  And they who

believe in the next life will believe therein, and they will diligently

observe their times of prayer.

     Who is more wicked than he who forgeth a lie concerning GOD? or saith

This was revealed unto me; when nothing hath been revealed unto him? and who

saith, I will produce a revelation like unto that which GOD hath sent down?

If thou didst see when the ungodly are in the pangs of death, and the angels

reach out their hands saying, Cast forth your souls; this day shall ye receive

an ignominious punishment for that which ye have falsely spoken concerning

GOD; and because ye have proudly rejected his signs.

     And now are ye come unto us alone, as we created you at first, and ye

have left that which we had bestowed on you, behind your backs; neither do we

see with you your intercessors, whom ye thought to have been partners with

God among you: now is the relation between you cut off, and what ye imagined

hath deceived you.

     GOD causeth the grain and the date-stone to put forth: he bringeth forth

the living from the dead, and he bringeth forth the dead from the living.

This is GOD.  Why therefore are ye turned away from him?

     He causeth the morning to appear; and hath ordained the night for rest,

and the sun and the moon for the computing of time.  This is the disposition

of the mighty, the wise God.

     It is he who hath ordained the stars for you, that ye may be directed

thereby in the darkness of the land and of the sea.  We have clearly shown

forth our signs, unto people who understand.

     It is he who hath produced you from one soul; and hath provided for you a

sure receptacle and a repository.  We have clearly shown forth our signs,

unto people who are wise.

     It is he who sendeth down water from heaven, and we have thereby produced

the springing buds of all things, and have thereout produced the green thing,

from which we produce the grain growing in rows, and palm-trees from whose

branches proceed clusters of dates hanging close together; and gardens of

grapes, and olives, and pomegranates, both like and unlike to one another.

Look on their fruits, when they bear fruit, and their growing to maturity.

Verily herein are signs, unto people who believe.

100     Yet they have set up the genii as partners with GOD, although he

created them: and they have falsely attributed unto him sons and daughters,

without knowledge.  Praise be unto him; and far be that from him which they

attribute unto him!

     He is the maker of heaven and earth: how should he have issue since he

hath no consort? he hath created all things, and he is omniscient.

     This is GOD your LORD; there is no GOD but he, the creator of all things;

therefore serve him: for he taketh care of all things.

     The sight comprehendeth him not, but he comprehendeth the sight; he is

the gracious, the wise.

     Now have evident demonstrations come unto you from your LORD; whoso seeth

them, the advantage thereof will redound to his own soul: and whoso is

wilfully blind, the consequence will be to himself.  I am not a keeper over

you.

     Thus do we variously explain our signs; that they may say, Thou hast

studied diligently; and that we may declare them unto people of

understanding.

     Follow that which hath been revealed unto thee from thy LORD; there is no

GOD but he: retire therefore from the idolaters.

     If GOD had so pleased, they had not been guilty of idolatry. We have not

appointed thee a keeper over them; neither art thou a guardian over them.

     Revile not the idols which they invoke besides GOD, lest they maliciously

revile GOD, without knowledge.  Thus have we prepared for every nation their

works: hereafter unto GOD shall they return, and he shall declare unto them

that which they have done.

     They have sworn by GOD, by the most solemn oath, that if a sign came unto

them, they would certainly believe therein: Say, Verily signs are in the power

of GOD alone; and he permitteth you not to understand, that when they come,

they will not believe.

110     And we will turn aside their hearts and their sight from the truth, as

they believed not therein the first time; and we will leave them to wander in

their error.

     And though we had sent down angels unto them, and the dead had spoken

unto them, and we had gathered together before them all things in one view;

they would not have believed, unless GOD had so pleased: but the greater part

of them know it not.

     Thus have we appointed unto every prophet an enemy; the devils of men,

and of genii: who privately suggest the one to the other specious discourses

to deceive; but if thy LORD pleased, they would not have done it.  Therefore

leave them, and that which they have falsely imagined;

     and let the hearts of those be inclined thereto, who believe not in the

life to come; and let them please themselves therein, and let them gain that

which they are gaining.

     Shall I seek after any other judge besides GOD to judge between us?  It

is he who hath sent down unto you the book of the Koran distinguishing between

good and evil; and they to whom we gave the scripture know that it is sent

down from thy LORD, with truth.  Be not therefore one of those who doubt

thereof.

     The words of thy LORD are perfect, in truth and justice; there is none

who can change his words: he both heareth and knoweth.

     But if thou obey the greater part of them who are in the earth, they will

lead thee aside from the path of GOD: they follow an uncertain opinion only,

and speak nothing but lies;

     verily thy LORD well knoweth those who go astray from his path, and well

knoweth those who are rightly directed.

     Eat of that whereon the name of GOD hath been commemorated, if ye

believe in his signs:

     and why do ye not eat of that whereon the name of GOD hath been

commemorated? since he hath plainly declared unto you what he hath forbidden

you; except that which ye be compelled to eat of by necessity; many lead

others into error, because of their appetites, being void of knowledge; but

thy LORD well knoweth who are the transgressors.

120     Leave both the outside of iniquity and inside thereof: for they who

commit iniquity shall receive the reward of that which they shall have gained.

     Eat not therefore of that whereon the name of GOD hath not been

commemorated; for this is certainly wickedness: but the devils will suggest

unto their friends, they they dispute with you concerning this precept; but if

ye obey them, ye are surely idolaters.

     Shall he who hath been dead, and whom we have restored unto life, and

unto whom we have ordained a light, whereby he may walk among men, be as he

whose similitude is in darkness, from whence he shall not come forth?  Thus

was that which the infidels are doing prepared for them.

     And thus have we placed in every city chief leaders of the wicked men

thereof, that they may act deceitfully therein; but they shall act

deceitfully against their own souls only; and they know it not.

     And when a sign cometh unto them, they say, We will by no means believe

until a revelation be brought unto us, like unto that which hath been

delivered unto the messengers of GOD.  GOD best knoweth whom he will appoint

for his messenger.  Vileness in the sight of GOD shall fall upon those who

deal wickedly, and a grievous punishment, for that they have dealt

deceitfully.

     And whomsoever GOD shall please to direct, he will open his breast to

receive the faith of Islam: but whomsoever he shall please to lead into error,

he will render his breast straight and narrow, as though he were climbing up

to heaven.  Thus doth GOD inflict a terrible punishment on those who believe

not.

     This is the right way of thy LORD.  Now have we plainly declared our

signs unto those people who will consider.

     They shall have a dwelling of peace with their LORD, and he shall be

their patron, because of that which they have wrought.

     Think on the day whereon God shall gather them all together, and shall

say, O company of genii, ye have been much concerned with mankind; and their

friends from among mankind shall say, O LORD, the one of us hath received

advantage from the other, and we are arrived at our limited term which thou

hast appointed us.  God will say, Hell fire shall be your habitation, therein

shall ye remain forever; unless as GOD shall please to mitigate your pains,

for thy LORD is wise and knowing.

     Thus do we set some of the unjust over others of them, because of that

which they have deserved.

130     O company of genii and men, did not messengers from among yourselves

come unto you, rehearsing my signs unto you, and forewarning you of the

meeting of this your day?  They shall answer, We bear witness against

ourselves: the present life deceived them: and they shall bear witness against

themselves that they were unbelievers.

     This hath been the method of GOD's dealing with his creatures, because

thy LORD would not destroy the cities in their iniquity, while their

inhabitants were careless.

     Every one shall have degrees of recompense of that which they shall do;

for thy LORD is not regardless of that which they do,

     and thy LORD is self-sufficient and endued with mercy.  If he pleaseth he

can destroy you, and cause such as he pleaseth to succeed you, in like manner

as he produced you from the posterity of other people.

     Verily that which is threatened you, shall surely come to pass; neither

shall ye cause it to fail.

     Say unto those of Mecca, O my people, act according to your power; verily

I will act according to my duty: and hereafter shall ye know whose will be the

reward of paradise.  The ungodly shall not prosper.

     Those of Mecca set apart unto GOD a portion of that which he hath

produced of the fruits of the earth, and of cattle; and say, This belongeth

unto GOD (according to their imagination), and this unto our companions.  And

that which is destined for their companions cometh not unto GOD; yet that

which is set apart unto GOD cometh unto their companions.  How ill do they

judge!

     In like manner have their companions induced many of the idolaters to

slay their children, that they might bring them to perdition, and that they

might render their religion obscure and confused unto them.  But if GOD had

pleased, they had not done this: therefore leave them and that which they

falsely imagine.

     They also say, These cattle and fruits of the earth are sacred; none

shall eat thereof but who we please (according to their imagination); and

there are cattle whose backs are forbidden to be rode on, or laden with

burdens; and there are cattle on which they commemorate not the name of GOD

when they slay them; devising a lie against him; God shall reward them for

that which they falsely devise.

     And they say, That which is in the bellies of these cattle is allowed

to our males to eat, and is forbidden to our wives: but if it prove abortive,

they they are both partakers thereof.  God shall give them the reward of

their attributing these things to him: he is knowing and wise.

140     They are utterly lost who have slain their children foolishly, without

knowledge; and have forbidden that which GOD hath given them for food,

devising a lie against GOD.  They have erred, and were not rightly directed.

     He it is who produceth gardens of vines, both those which are supported

on trails of wood, and those which are not supported, and palm-trees, and the

corn affording various food, and olives, and pomegranates, alike and unlike

unto one another.  Eat of their fruit, when they bear fruit, and pay the due

thereof on the day whereon ye shall gather it; but be not profuse, for GOD

loveth not those who are too profuse.

     And God hath given you some cattle fit for bearing of burdens, and some

fit for slaughter only.  Eat of what GOD hath given you for food; and follow

not the steps of Satan, for he is your declared enemy.

     Four pair of cattle hath God given you; of sheep one pair, and of goats

one pair.  Say unto them, Hath God forbidden the two males, of sheep and of

goats, or the two females; or that which the wombs of the two females contain?

Tell me with certainty, if ye speak truth.

     And of camels hath God given you one pair, and of oxen one pair.  Say,

Hath he forbidden the two males of these, or the two females; or that which

the wombs of the two females contain?  Were ye present when GOD commanded you

this?  And who is more unjust than he who deviseth a lie against GOD, that he

may seduce men without understanding?  Verily GOD directed not unjust people.

     Say, I find not in that which hath been revealed unto me anything

forbidden unto the eater, that he eat it not, except it be that which dieth of

itself, or blood poured forth, or swine's flesh: for this is an abomination:

or that which is profane, having been slain in the name of some other than of

GOD.  But whoso shall be compelled by necessity to eat of these things, not

lusting, nor wilfully transgressing, verily thy LORD will be gracious unto him

and merciful.

     Unto the Jews did we forbid every beast having an undivided hoof; and of

bullocks and sheep, we forbade them the fat of both; except that which should

be on their backs, or their inwards, or which should be intermixed with the

bone.  This have we rewarded them with, because of their iniquity; and we are

surely speakers of truth.

     If they accuse thee of imposture, say, Your LORD is endued with extensive

mercy; but his severity shall not be averted from wicked people.

     The idolaters will say, If GOD had pleased, we had not been guilty of

idolatry, neither our fathers; and pretend that we have not forbidden them

anything.  Thus did they who were before them accuse the prophets of

imposture, until they tasted our severe punishment.  Say, Is there with you

any certain knowledge of what ye allege, that ye may produce it unto us?  Ye

follow only a false imagination; and ye utter only lies.

     Say, therefore, Unto GOD belongeth the most evident demonstration; for

if he had pleased, he had directed you all.

150     Say, Produce your witnesses, who can bear testimony that GOD hath

forbidden this.  But if they bear testimony of this, do not thou bear

testimony with them, nor do thou follow the desires of those who accuse our

signs of falsehood, and who believe not in the life to come, and equalize

idols with their LORD.

     Say, Come; I will rehearse that which your LORD hath forbidden you; that

is to say, that ye be not guilty of idolatry, and that ye show kindness to

your parents, and that ye murder not your children for fear lest ye be reduced

to poverty; we will provide for you and them; and draw not near unto heinous

crimes, neither openly nor in secret; and slay not the soul which God hath

forbidden you to slay, unless for a just cause.  This hath he enjoined you

that ye may understand.

     And meddle not with the substance of the orphan, otherwise than for the

improving thereof, until he attain his age of strength: and use a full

measure, and a just balance.  We will not impose a task on any soul beyond its

ability.  And when ye pronounce judgment observe justice, although it be for

or against one who is near of kin, and fulfil the covenant of GOD.  This hath

God commanded you, that ye may be admonished;

     and that ye may know that this is my right way: therefore follow it, and

follow not the path of others, lest ye be scattered from the path of God.

This hath he commanded you that ye may take heed.

     We gave also unto Moses the book of the law; a perfect rule unto him who

should do right, and a determination concerning all things needful, and a

direction, and mercy; that the children of Israel might believe the meeting of

their LORD.

     And this book which we have now sent down is blessed; therefore follow

it, and fear God that ye may obtain mercy:

     lest ye should say, The scriptures were only sent down unto two people

before us; and we neglected to peruse them with attention:

     or lest ye should say, If a book of divine revelations had been sent down

unto us, we would surely have been better directed than they.  And now hath a

manifest declaration come unto you from your LORD, and a direction and mercy:

and who is more unjust than he who deviseth lies against the signs of GOD, and

turneth aside from them?  We will reward those who turn aside from our signs

with a grievous punishment, because they have turned aside.

     Do they wait for any other than that the angels should come unto them, to

part their souls from their bodies; or that thy LORD should come to punish

them; or that some of the signs of thy LORD should come to pass, showing the

day of judgment to be at hand?  On the day whereon some of thy LORD'S signs

shall come to pass, its faith shall not profit a soul which believed not

before, or wrought not good in its faith.  Say, Wait ye for this day; we

surely do wait for it.

     They who make a division in their religion, and become sectaries, have

thou nothing to do with them; their affair belongeth only unto GOD.  Hereafter

shall he declare unto them that which they have done.

160     He who shall appear with good works, shall receive a tenfold recompense

for the same; but he who shall appear with evil works, shall receive only an

equal punishment for the same; and they shall not be treated unjustly.

     Say, Verily my LORD hath directed me into a right way, a true religion,

the sect of Abraham the orthodox; and he was no idolater.

     Say, Verily my prayers, and my worship, and my life, and my death are

dedicated unto GOD, the LORD of all creatures:

     he hath no companion.  This have I been commanded: I am the first Moslem.

     Say, shall I desire any other LORD besides GOD? since he is the LORD of

all things; and no soul shall acquire any merits or demerits but for itself;

and no burdened soul shall bear the burden of another.  Moreover unto your

LORD shall ye return; and he shall declare unto you that concerning which ye

now dispute.

     It is he who hath appointed you to succeed your predecessors in the

earth, and hath raised some of you above others by various degrees of worldly

advantages, that he might prove you by that which he hath bestowed on you.

Thy LORD is swift in punishing; and he is also gracious and merciful.







