




CHAPTER XLII.



ENTITLED, CONSULTATION; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     H.M.

     A.S.K.

     THUS doth the mighty, the wise GOD reveal his will unto

thee; and in like manner did he reveal it unto the prophets who were before

thee.

     Unto him belongeth whatever is in heaven, and in earth; and he is the

high, the great God.

     It wanteth little but that the heavens be rent in sunder from above, at

the awfulness of his majesty: the angels celebrate the praise of their LORD,

and ask pardon for those who dwell in the earth.  Is not GOD the forgiver of

sins, the merciful?

     But as to those who take other gods for their patrons, besides him, GOD

observeth their actions: for thou art not a steward over them.

     Thus have we revealed unto thee an Arabic Koran, that thou mayest warn

the metropolis of Mecca, and the Arabs who dwell round about it; and mayest

threaten them with the day of the general assembly, of which there is no

doubt: one part shall then be placed in paradise, and another part in hell.

     If GOD had pleased, he had made them all of one religion; but he leadeth

whom he pleaseth into his mercy; and the unjust shall have no patron or

helper.

     Do they take other patrons, besides him? whereas GOD is the only true

patron: he quickeneth the dead; and he is almighty.

10     Whatever matter ye disagree about, the decision thereof appertaineth

unto GOD.  This is GOD, my LORD: in him do I trust, and unto him do I turn me:

     the Creator of heaven and earth: he hath given you wives of your own

species, and cattle both male and female; by which means he multiplieth you:

there is nothing like him; and it is he who heareth and seeth.

     His are the keys of heaven and earth; he bestoweth provision abundantly

on whom he pleaseth, and he is sparing unto whom he pleaseth; for he knoweth

all things.

     He hath ordained you the religion which he commanded Noah, and which we

have revealed unto thee, O Mohammed, and which we commanded Abraham,

and Moses, and Jesus: saying, Observe this religion, and be not divided therein.

The worship of one God, to which thou invitest them, is grievous unto the

unbelievers: GOD will elect thereto whom he pleaseth, and will direct unto the

same him who shall repent.

     Those who lived in times past were not divided among themselves, until

after that the knowledge of GOD's unity had come unto them; through their own

perverseness: and unless a previous decree had passed from thy LORD, to bear

with them till a determined time, verily the matter had been decided between

them, by the destruction of the gainsayers.  They who have inherited the

scriptures after them, are certainly in a perplexing doubt concerning the

same.

     Wherefore invite them to receive the sure faith, and be urgent with them,

as thou hast been commanded; and follow not their vain desires: and say, I

believe in all the scriptures which GOD hath sent down; and I am commanded to

establish justice among you: GOD is our LORD and your LORD: unto us will our

works be imputed, and unto you will your works be imputed: let there be no

wrangling between us and you; for GOD will assemble us all at the last day,

and unto him shall we return.

     As to those who dispute concerning GOD, after obedience hath been paid

him by receiving his religion, their disputing shall be vain in the sight of

their LORD; and wrath shall fall on them, and they shall suffer a grievous

punishment.

     It is GOD who hath sent down the scripture with truth; and the balance of

true judgment: and what shall inform with truth; and the balance of true

judgment: and what shall inform thee whether the hour be nigh at hand?

     They who believe not therein wish it to be hastened by way of mockery:

but they who believe dread the same, and know it to be the truth.  Are not

those who dispute concerning the last hour in a wide error?

     GOD is bounteous unto his servants; he provideth for whom he pleaseth;

and he is the strong, the mighty.

20     Whoso chooseth the tillage of the life to come, unto him will we give

increase in his tillage: and whoso chooseth the tillage of this world, we will

give him the fruit thereof; but he shall have no part in the life to come.

     Have the idolaters deities which ordain them a religion which GOD hath

not allowed?  But had it not been for the decree of respiting their punishment

to the day of separating the infidels from the true believers, judgment had

been already given between them: for the unjust shall surely suffer a painful

torment.

     On that day thou shalt see the unjust in great terror, because of their

demerits; and the penalty thereof shall fall upon them: but they who believe

and do good works shall dwell in the delightful meadows of paradise; they

shall obtain whatever they shall desire, with their LORD.  This is the

greatest acquisition.

     This is what GOD promiseth unto his servants who believe and do good

works.  Say, I ask not of you, for this my preaching, any reward, except the

love of my relations: and whoever shall have deserved well by one good action,

unto him will we add the merit of another action thereto; for GOD is inclined

to forgive, and ready to reward.

     Do they say, Mohammed hath blasphemously forged a lie concerning GOD?  If

GOD pleaseth, he will seal up thy heart: and GOD will absolutely abolish

vanity, and will establish the truth in his words; for he knoweth the

innermost part of men's breasts.

     It is he who accepteth repentance from his servants, and forgiveth sins,

and knoweth that which ye do.

     He will incline his ear unto those who believe and work righteousness,

and will add unto them above what they shall ask or deserve, of his bounty:

but the unbelievers shall suffer a severe punishment.

     If GOD should bestow abundance upon his servants they would certainly

behave insolently in the earth: but he sendeth down by measure unto every one

that which he pleaseth; for he well knoweth and seeth the condition of his

servants.

     It is he who sendeth down the rain, after men have despaired thereof, and

spreadeth abroad his mercy; and he is the patron, justly to be praised.

     Among his signs is the creation of heaven and earth, and of the living

creatures with which he hath replenished them both; and he is able to gather

them together before his tribunal, whenever he pleaseth.

30     Whatever misfortune befalleth you is sent unto you by God, for that which

your hands have deserved; and yet he forgiveth many things:

     ye shall not frustrate the divine vengeance in the earth; neither shall

ye have any protector or helper, against GOD.

     Among his signs also are the ships running in the sea, like high

mountains:

     if he pleaseth, he causeth the wind to cease, and they lie still on

the back of the water: (verily herein are signs unto every patient and

grateful person):

     or he destroyeth them by shipwreck, be cause of that which their crews

have merited; though he pardoneth many things.

     And they who dispute against our signs shall know that there will be no

way for them to escape our vengeance.

     Whatever things are given you, they are the provision of this present

life: but the reward which is with GOD is better, and more durable, for those

who believe, and put their trust in their LORD;

     and who avoid heinous and filthy crimes, and when they are angry,

forgive;

     and who hearken unto their LORD, and are constant at prayer, and whose

affairs are directed by consultation among themselves, and who give alms out

of what we have bestowed on them;

     and who, when an injury is done them, avenge themselves

40     (and the retaliation of evil ought to be an evil proportionate thereto):

but he who forgiveth and is reconciled unto his enemy, shall receive his

reward from GOD; for he loveth not the unjust doers.

     And whoso shall avenge himself, after he hath been injured; as to these,

it is not lawful to punish them for it:

     but it is only lawful to punish those who wrong men, and act insolently

in the earth, against justice; these shall suffer a grievous punishment.

     And whoso beareth injuries patiently, and forgiveth; verily this is a

necessary work.

     Whom GOD shall cause to err, he shall afterwards have no protector.

And thou shalt see the ungodly, who shall say, when they behold the

punishment prepared for them, Is there no way to return back into the world?

     And thou shalt see them exposed unto hell fire; dejected, because of the

ignominy they shall undergo: they shall look at the fire sideways, and by

stealth; and the true believers shall say, Verily the losers are they who have

lost their own souls, and their families, on the day of resurrection: shall

not the ungodly continue in eternal torment?

     They shall have no protectors to defend them against GOD: and whom GOD

shall cause to err, he shall find no way to the truth.

     Hearken unto your LORD, before the day come, which GOD will not keep

back: ye shall have no place of refuge on that day; neither shall ye be able

to deny your sins.

     But if those to whom thou preachest turn aside from thy admonitions,

verily we have not sent thee to be a guardian over them: thy duty is preaching

only.  When we cause man to taste mercy from us, he rejoiceth thereat: but

if evil befall them, for that which their hands have formerly committed, verily

man becometh ungrateful.

     Unto GOD appertaineth the kingdom of heaven and earth: he createth that

which he pleaseth; he giveth females unto whom he pleaseth, and he giveth

males unto whom he pleaseth;

50     or he giveth them males and females jointly: and he maketh whom he

pleaseth to be childless; for he is wise and powerful.

     It is not fit for man that GOD should speak unto him otherwise than by

private revelation, or from behind a veil, or by his sending of a messenger

to reveal, by his permission, that which he pleaseth; for he is high and wise.

     Thus have we revealed unto thee a revelation, by our command.  Thou

didst not understand, before this, what the book of the Koran was, nor what

the faith was: but we have ordained the same for a light; we will thereby

direct such of our servants as we please: and thou shalt surely direct them

into the right way,

     the way of GOD, unto whom belongeth whatever is in heaven and in earth.

Shall not all things return unto GOD?







