




CHAPTER LVII.



ENTITLED, IRON; REVEALED AT MECCA, OR AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     WHATEVER is in heaven and earth singeth praise unto GOD; and he is mighty

and wise.

     His is the kingdom of heaven and earth; he giveth life, and he putteth to

death; and he is almighty.

     He is the first, and the last; the manifest and the hidden: and he

knoweth all things.

     It is he who created the heavens and the earth in six days, and then

ascended his throne.  He knoweth that which entereth into the earth, and that

which issueth out of the same, and that which descendeth from heaven, and that

which ascendeth thereto; and he is with you, wheresoever ye be: for GOD seeth

that which ye do.

     His is the kingdom of heavens and earth; and unto GOD shall all things

return.

     He causeth the night to succeed the day, and he causeth the day to

succeed the night; and he knowest the innermost part of men's breasts.

     Believe in GOD and his apostle, and lay out in alms a part of the wealth

whereof GOD hath made you inheritors: for unto such of you as believe, and

bestow alms, shall be given a great reward.

     And what aileth you, that ye believe not in GOD, when the apostle

inviteth you to believe in your LORD; and he hath received your covenant

concerning this matter, if ye believe any proposition?

     It is he who hath sent down unto his servant evident signs, that he may

lead you out of darkness into light; for GOD is compassionate and merciful

unto you.

10     And what aileth you, that ye contribute not of your substance for the

defence of GOD'S true religion?  Since unto GOD appertaineth the inheritance

of heaven and earth.  Those among you who shall have contributed and fought

in defence of the faith, before the taking of Mecca, shall not be held equal with

those who shall contribute and fight for the same afterwards.  These shall be

superior in degree unto those who shall contribute and fight for the

propagation of the faith, after the above-mentioned success; but unto all hath

GOD promised a most excellent reward; and GOD well knoweth that which ye do.

     Who is he that will lend unto GOD an acceptable loan? for he will double

the same unto him, and he shall receive moreover an honourable reward.

     On a certain day, thou shalt see the true believers of both sexes: their

light shall run before them, and on their right hands; and it shall be said

unto them, Good tidings unto you this day: gardens through which rivers

flow; ye shall remain therein forever.  This will be great felicity.

     On that day the hypocritical men and the hypocritical women shall say

unto those who believe, Stay for us, what we may borrow some of your light.

It shall be answered, Return back into the world, and seek light.  And a high

wall shall be set betwixt them, wherein shall be a gate, within which shall be

mercy; and without it, over against the same, the torment of hell.

     The hypocrites shall call out unto the true believers, saying, Were we not

with you?  They shall answer, Yea; but ye seduced your own souls by your

hypocrisy; and ye waited our ruin; and ye doubted concerning the faith; and

your wishes deceived you, until the decree of GOD came, and ye died: and

the deceiver deceived you concerning GOD.

     This day, therefore, a ransom shall not be accepted of you, nor of those

who have been unbelievers.  Your abode shall be hell fire: this is what ye

have deserved; and an unhappy journey shall it be thither!

     Is not the time yet come unto those who believe, that their hearts should

humbly submit to the admonition of GOD, and to that truth which hath been

revealed; and that they be not as those unto whom the scripture was given

heretofore, and to whom the time of forbearance was prolonged, but their

hearts were hardened, and many of them were wicked doers?

     Know that GOD quickeneth the earth, after it hath been dead.  Now have

we distinctly declared our signs unto you, that ye may understand.

     Verily as to the almsgivers, both men and women, and those who lend unto

GOD an acceptable loan, he will double the same unto them; and they shall

moreover receive an honourable reward.

     And they who believe in GOD and his apostles, these are the men of

veracity, and the witnesses in the presence of their LORD: they shall have

their reward, and their light.  But as to those who believe not, and accuse

our signs of falsehood, they shall be the companions of hell.

20     Know that this present life is only a toy and a vain amusement: and

worldly pomp, and the affectation of glory among you, and the multiplying of

riches and children, are as the plants nourished by the rain, the springing up

whereof delighteth the husbandmen; afterwards they wither, so that thou

seest the same turned yellow, and at length they become dry stubble.  And

in the life to come will be a severe punishment for those who covet worldly

grandeur;and pardon from GOD, and favor for those who renounce it: for this

present life is no other than a deceitful provision.

     Hasten with emulation to obtain pardon from your LORD, and paradise, the

extent whereof equalleth the extent of heaven and earth, prepared for those

who believe in GOD and his apostles.  This is the bounty of GOD: he will give

the same unto whom he pleaseth; and GOD is endued with great bounty.

     No accident happeneth in the earth, nor in your persons, but the same was

entered  in the book of our decrees, before we created it: verily this is easy

with GOD:

     and this is written lest ye immoderately grieve for the good which

escapeth you, or rejoice for that which happened unto you; for GOD loveth no

proud or vain-glorious person,

     or those who are covetous, and command men covetousness.  And whoso

turneth aside from giving alms; verily GOD is self-sufficient, worthy to be

praised.

     We formerly sent our apostles with evident miracles and arguments; and we

sent down with them the scriptures and the balance, that men might observe

justice: and we sent them down iron, wherein is mighty strength for war, and

various advantages unto mankind: that GOD may know who assisteth him and his

apostles in secret; for GOD is strong and mighty.

     We formerly sent Noah and Abraham, and we established in their posterity

the gift of prophecy, and the scripture: and of them some were directed, but

many of them were evil-doers.

     Afterwards we caused our apostles to succeed in their footsteps; and we

caused Jesus the son of Mary to succeed them, and we gave him the gospel: and

we put in the hearts of those that followed him compassion and mercy: but as

to the monastic state, they instituted the same (we did not prescribe it to

them) only out of a desire to please GOD; yet they observed not the same as it

ought truly to have been observed.  And we gave unto such of them as believed

their reward: but many of them were wicked doers.

     O ye who believe in the former prophets, fear GOD, and believe in his

apostle Mohammed: he will give you two portions of his mercy, and he will

ordain a light wherein ye may walk, and he will forgive you; for GOD is ready

to forgive, and merciful:

     that those who have received the scriptures may know that they have not

power over any of the favours of GOD, and that good is in the hand of GOD; he

bestoweth the same on whom he pleaseth; for GOD is endued with great

beneficence.







