




CHAPTER XXIV.



ENTITLED, LIGHT; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     THIS Sura have we sent down from heaven; and have ratified the same; and

we have revealed evident signs, that ye may be warned.

     The whore, and the whoremonger, shall ye scourge with a hundred stripes.

And let not compassion towards them prevent you from executing the judgment

of GOD; if ye believe in GOD and the last day: and let some of the true

believers be witnesses of their punishment.

     The whoremonger shall not marry any other than a harlot, or an

idolatress.  And a harlot shall no man take in marriage, except a whoremonger,

or an idolater.  And this kind of marriage is forbidden the true believers.

     But as to those who accuse women of reputation of whoredom, and produce

not four witnesses of the fact, scourge them with fourscore stripes, and

receive not their testimony forever; for such are infamous prevaricators;

     excepting those who shall afterwards repent, and amend; for unto such

will GOD be gracious and merciful.

     They who shall accuse their wives of adultery, and shall have no

witnesses thereof, besides themselves; the testimony which shall be required

of one of them shall be, that he swear four times by GOD that he speaketh the

truth:

     and the fifth time that he imprecate the curse of GOD on him if he be a

liar.

     And it shall avert the punishment from the wife, if she swear four times

by GOD that he is a liar;

     and if the fifth time she imprecate the wrath of GOD on her, if he

speaketh the truth.

10     If it were not for the indulgence of GOD towards you, and his mercy, and

that GOD is easy to be reconciled, and wise, he would immediately discover

your crimes.

     As to the party among you who have published the falsehood concerning

Ayesha, think it not to be an evil unto you: on the contrary, it is better

for you.  Every man of them shall be punished according to the injustice of

which he hath been guilty; and he among them who hath undertaken to aggravate

the same shall suffer a grievous punishment.

     Did not the faithful men, and the faithful women, when ye heard this,

judge in their own minds for the best; and say, This is a manifest falsehood?

     Have they produced four witnesses thereof? wherefore since they have not

produced the witnesses, they are surely liars in the sight of GOD.

     Had it not been for the indulgence of GOD towards you, and his mercy, in

this world and in that which is to come, verily a grievous punishment had been

inflicted on you, for the calumny which ye have spread:

     when ye published that with your tongues, and spoke that with your mouths,

of which ye had no knowledge; and esteemed it to be light, whereas it was a

matter of importance in the sight of GOD.

     When ye heard it, did ye say, It belongeth not unto us, that we should

talk of this matter: GOD forbid! this is a grievous calumny.

     GOD warneth you, that ye return not to the like crime forever; if ye be

true believers.

     And GOD declareth unto you his signs; for GOD is knowing and wise.

     Verily they who love that scandal be published of those who believe,

shall receive a severe punishment both in this world and in the next.  GOD

knoweth, but ye know not.

20     Had it not been for the indulgence of GOD towards you and his mercy, and

that GOD is gracious and merciful, ye had felt his vengeance.

     O true believers, follow not the steps of the devil: for whosoever shall

follow the steps of the devil, he will command them filthy crimes, and that

which is unlawful.  If it were not for the indulgence of GOD, and his mercy

towards you, there had not been so much as one of you cleansed from his guilt

forever: but GOD cleanseth whom he pleaseth; for GOD both heareth and knoweth.

     Let not those among you, who possess abundance of wealth and have

ability, swear that they will not give unto their kindred, and the poor, and

those who have fled their country for the sake of GOD'S true religion: but let

them forgive, and act with benevolence towards them.  Do ye not desire that

GOD should pardon you?  And GOD is gracious and merciful.

     Moreover they who falsely accuse modest women, who behave in a negligent

manner, and are true believers, shall be cursed in this world, and in the

world to come; and they shall suffer a severe punishment.

     One day their own tongues shall bear witness against them, and their

hands, and their feet, concerning that which they have done.

     On that day shall GOD render unto them their just due; and they shall

know that GOD is the evident truth.

     The wicked women should be joined to the wicked men, and the wicked men

to the wicked women; but the good women should be married to the good men, and

the good men to the good women.  These shall be cleared from the calumnies

which slanderers speak of them; they shall obtain pardon, and an honourable

provision.

     O true believers, enter not any houses, besides your own houses, until ye

have asked leave, and have saluted the family thereof: this is better for

you; peradventure ye will be admonished.

     And if ye shall find no person in the houses, yet do not enter them,

until leave be granted you: and if it be said unto you, Return back, do ye

return back.  This will be more decent for you: and GOD knoweth that which ye

do.

     It shall be no crime in you, that ye enter uninhabited houses, wherein

ye may meet with a convenience.  GOD knoweth that which ye discover, and that

which ye conceal.

30     Speak unto the true believers, that they restrain their eyes, and keep

themselves from immodest actions: this will be more pure for them; for GOD is

well acquainted with that which they do.

     And speak unto the believing women, that they restrain their eyes, and

preserve their modesty, and discover not their ornaments, except what

necessarily appeareth thereof; and let them throw their veils over their

bosoms, and not show their ornaments, unless to their husbands, or their

fathers, or their husbands' fathers, or their sons, or their husbands' sons,

or their brothers, or their brothers' sons, or their sisters' sons, or their

women, or the captives which their right hands shall possess, or unto such

men as attend them, and have no need of women, or unto children, who

distinguish not the nakedness of women.  And let them not make a noise with

their feet, that their ornaments which they hide may thereby be discovered.

And be ye all turned unto GOD, O true believers, that ye may be happy.

     Marry those who are single among you, and such as are honest of your

men-servants and your maid-servants: if they be poor, GOD will enrich them of

his abundance; for GOD is bounteous and wise.

     And let those who find not a match, keep themselves from fornication,

until GOD shall enrich them of his abundance.  And unto such of your slaves

as desire a written instrument allowing them to redeem themselves on paying a

certain sum, write one, if ye know good in them; and give them of the riches

of GOD, which he hath given you.  And compel not your maid-servants to

prostitute themselves, if they be willing to live chastely; that ye may seek

the casual advantage of this present life; but whoever shall compel them

thereto, verily GOD will be gracious and merciful unto such women after their

compulsion.

     And now have we revealed unto you evident signs, and a history like unto

some of the histories of those who have gone before you, and an admonition

unto the pious.

     GOD is the light of heaven and earth: the similitude of his light is as a

niche in a wall, wherein a lamp is placed, and the lamp enclosed in a case of

glass; the glass appears as it were a shining star.  It is lighted with the

oil of a blessed tree, an olive neither of the east, nor of the west: it

wanteth little but that the oil thereof would give light, although no fire

touched it.  This is light added unto light: GOD will direct unto his light

whom he pleaseth.  GOD propoundeth parables unto men; for GOD knoweth all

things.

     In the houses which GOD hath permitted to be raised, and that his name

be commemorated therein! men celebrate his praise in the same, morning and

evening,

     whom neither merchandising nor selling diverteth from the remembering of

GOD, and the observance of prayer, and the giving of alms; fearing the day

whereon men's hearts and eyes shall be troubled;

     that GOD may recompense them according to the utmost merit of what they

shall have wrought, and may add unto them of his abundance a more excellent

reward; for GOD bestoweth on whom he pleaseth without measure.

     But as to the unbelievers, their works are like the vapor in a plain,

which the thirsty traveller thinketh to be water, until, when he cometh

thereto, he findeth it to be nothing; but he findeth GOD with him, and he

will fully pay him his account; and GOD is swift in taking an account;

40     or, as the darkness in a deep sea, covered by waves riding on waves,

above which are clouds, being additions of darkness one over the other; when

one stretcheth forth his hand, he is far from seeing it.  And unto whomsoever

GOD shall not grant his light, he shall enjoy no light at all.

     Dost thou not perceive that all creatures both in heaven and earth praise

GOD: and the birds also, extending their wings?  Every one knoweth his prayer,

and his praise: and GOD knoweth that which they do.

     Unto GOD belongeth the kingdom of heaven and earth; and unto GOD shall be

the return at the last day.

     Dost thou not see that GOD gently driveth forward the clouds, and

gathereth them together, and then layeth them on heaps?  Thou also seest the

rain, which falleth from the midst thereof; and God sendeth down from heaven

as it were mountains, wherein there is hail; he striketh therewith whom he

pleaseth, and turneth the same away from whom he pleaseth: the brightness of

his lightning wanteth but little of taking away the sight.

     GOD shifteth the night, and the day: verily herein is an instruction unto

those who have sight.

     And GOD hath created every animal of water; one of them goeth on his belly,

and another of them walketh upon two feet, and another of them walketh upon

four feet: GOD createth that which he pleaseth; for GOD is almighty.

     Now have we sent down evident signs: and GOD directeth whom he pleaseth

into the right way.

     The hypocrites say, We believe in GOD, and on his apostle; and we obey

them: yet a part of them turneth back, after this; but these are not really

believers.

     And when they are summoned before GOD and his apostle, that he may judge

between them; behold, a part of them retire:

     but if the right had been on their side, they would have come and

submitted themselves unto him.

50     Is there an infirmity in their hearts?  Do they doubt?  Or do they fear

lest GOD and his apostle act unjustly towards them?  But themselves are the

unjust doers.

     The saying of the true believers, when they are summoned before GOD and

his apostle, that he may judge between them, is no other than that they say,

We have heard, and do obey: and these are they who shall prosper.

     Whoever shall obey GOD and his apostle, and shall fear GOD, and shall be

devout towards him; these shall enjoy great felicity.

     They swear by GOD, with a most solemn oath, that if thou commandest them,

they will go forth from their houses and possessions.  Say, Swear not to a

falsehood: obedience is more requisite: and GOD is well acquainted with that

which ye do.

     Say, Obey GOD, and obey the apostle: but if ye turn back, verily it is

expected of him that he perform his duty, and of you that ye perform your

duty; and if ye obey him, ye shall be directed, but the duty of our apostle is

only public preaching.

     GOD promiseth unto such of you as believe, and do good works, that he

will cause them to succeed the unbelievers in the earth, as he caused those

who were before you to succeed the infidels of their time; and that he will

establish for them their religion which pleaseth them, and will change their

fear into security.  They shall worship me; and shall not associate any other

with me.  But whoever shall disbelieve after this, they will be the wicked

doers.

     Observe prayer, and give alms, and obey the apostle; that ye may obtain

mercy.

     Think not that the unbelievers shall frustrate the designs of God on

earth: and their abode hereafter shall be hell fire; a miserable journey shall

it be thither!

     O true believers, let your slaves and those among you who shall not have

attained the age of puberty, ask leave of you, before they come into your

presence, three times in the day; namely, before the morning prayer, and

when ye lay aside your garments at noon, and after the evening prayer.

These are the three times for you to be private: it shall be no crime in you,

or in them, if they go in to you without asking permission after these times,

while ye are in frequent attendance, the one of you on the other.  Thus GOD

declareth his signs unto you; for GOD is knowing and wise.

     And when your children attain the age of puberty, let them ask leave to

come into your presence at all times, in the same manner as those who have

attained that age before them, ask leave.  Thus GOD declareth his signs unto

you; and GOD is knowing and wise.

60     As to such women as are past child-bearing, who hope not to marry again,

because of their advanced age; it shall be no crime in them, if they lay aside

their outer garments, not showing their ornaments; but if they abstain from

this, it will be better for them.  GOD both heareth and knoweth.

     It shall be no crime in the blind, nor shall it be any crime in the

lame, neither shall it be any crime in the sick, or in yourselves, that ye eat

in your houses, or in the houses of your fathers, or the houses of your

mothers, or in the houses of your brothers, or the houses of your sisters, or

the houses of your uncles on the father's side, or the houses of your aunts on

the father's side, or the houses of your uncles on the mother's side, the

houses of your aunts on the mother's side, or in those houses the keys whereof

ye have in your possession, or in the house of your friend.  It shall not be

any crime in you whether ye eat together, or separately.  And when ye enter

any houses, salute one another on the part of GOD, with a blessed and a

welcome salutation.  Thus GOD declareth his signs unto you, that ye may

understand.

     Verily they only are true believers, who believe in GOD and his apostle,

and when they are assembled with him on any affair, depart not, until they

have obtained leave of him.  Verily they who ask leave of thee are those who

believe in GOD and his apostle.  When therefore they ask leave of thee to

depart, on account of any business of their own, grant leave unto such of them

as thou shalt think fit, and ask pardon for them of GOD; for GOD is gracious

and merciful.

     Let not the calling of the apostle be esteemed among you, as your calling

the one to the other.  GOD knoweth such of you as privately withdraw

themselves from the assembly, taking shelter behind one another.  But let

those who withstand his command take heed, lest some calamity befall them in

this world, or a grievous punishment be inflicted on them in the life to come.

     Doth not whatever is in heaven and on earth belong unto GOD?  He well

knoweth what ye are about: and on a certain day they shall be assembled before

him; and he shall declare unto them that which they have done; for GOD knoweth

all things.







