




CHAPTER LXII.



ENTITLED, THE ASSEMBLY; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     WHATEVER is in heaven and earth praiseth GOD; the King, the Holy, the

Mighty, the Wise.

     It is he who hath raised up amidst the illiterate Arabians an apostle

from among themselves, to rehearse his signs unto them, and to purify them,

and to teach them the scriptures and wisdom; whereas before they were

certainly in a manifest error;

     and others of them have not yet attained unto them, by embracing the

faith; though they also shall be converted in GOD's good time; for he is

mighty and wise.

     This is the free grace of GOD: he bestoweth the same on whom he pleaseth:

and GOD is endued with great beneficence.

     The likeness of those who were charged with the observance of the law,

and then observed it not, is as the likeness of an ass laden with books.  How

wretched is the likeness of the people who charge the signs of GOD with

falsehood! and GOD directeth not the unjust people.

     Say, O ye who follow the Jewish religion, if ye say that ye are the

friends of GOD above other men, wish for death, if ye speak truth.

     But they will never wish for it, because of that which their hands have

sent before them: and GOD well knoweth the unjust.

     Say, Verily death, from which ye fly, will surely meet you: then shall ye

be brought before him who knoweth as well what is concealed as what is

discovered; and he will declare unto you that which ye have done.

     O true believers, when ye are called to prayer on the day of assembly,

hasten to the commemoration of GOD and leave merchandising.  This will be

better for you, if you knew it.

10     And when prayer is ended, then disperse yourselves through the land as

ye list, and seek gain of the liberality of GOD: and remember GOD frequently,

that ye may prosper.

     But when they see any merchandising, or sport, they flock thereto, and

leave thee standing up in the pulpit.  Say, The reward which is with GOD is

better than any sport or merchandise: and GOD is the best provider.







