




CHAPTER XLV.



ENTITLED, THE KNEELING; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     H.M.

     THE revelation of this book is from the mighty, the wise GOD.

     Verily both in heaven and earth are signs of the divine power unto the

true believers:

     and in the creation of yourselves, and of the beasts which are scattered

over the face of the earth, are signs unto people of sound judgment;

     and also in the vicissitude of night and day, and the rain which GOD

sendeth down from heaven, whereby he quickeneth the earth after it hath been

dead: in the change of the winds also are signs unto people of understanding.

     These are the signs of GOD; we rehearse them unto thee with truth.  In

what revelation therefore will they believe, after they have rejected GOD and

his signs?

     Woe unto every lying and impious person;

     who heareth the signs of GOD, which are read unto him, and afterwards

proudly persisteth in infidelity, as though he heard them not: (denounce unto

him a painful punishment:)

     and who, when he cometh to the knowledge of any of our signs, receiveth

the same with scorn.  For these is prepared a shameful punishment:

10     before them lieth hell; and whatever they shall have gained shall not

avail them at all, neither shall the idols which they have taken for their

patrons, besides GOD; and they shall suffer a grievous punishment.

     This is a true direction: and for those who disbelieve the signs of

their LORD, is prepared the punishment of a painful torment.

     It is GOD who hath subjected the sea unto you, that the ships may sail

therein, at his command; and that ye may seek advantage unto yourselves by

commerce; of his bounty; and that ye may give thanks:

     and he obligeth whatever is in heaven and on earth to serve you; the

whole being from him.  Verily herein are signs unto people who consider.

     Speak unto the true believers, that they forgive those who hope not for

the days of GOD, that he may reward people according to what they shall have

wrought.

     Whoso doeth that which is right doth it to the advantage of his own soul;

and whoso doeth evil doth it against the same: hereafter shall ye return unto

your LORD.

     We gave unto the children of Israel the book of the law, and wisdom, and

prophecy; and we fed them with good things, and preferred them above all

nations:

     and we gave them plain ordinances concerning the business of religion;

neither do they fall to variance, except after that knowledge had come unto

them, through envy among themselves: but thy LORD will decide the controversy

between them, on the day of resurrection, concerning that wherein they

disagree.

     Afterwards we appointed thee, O Mohammed, to promulgate a law concerning

the business of religion: wherefore follow the same, and follow not the

desires of those who are ignorant.

     Verily they shall not avail thee against GOD at all; the unjust are the

patrons of one another; but GOD is the patron of the pious.

20     This Koran delivereth evident precepts unto mankind; and is a direction,

and a mercy, unto people who judge aright.

     Do the workers of iniquity imagine that we will deal with them as with

those who believe and do good works; so that their life and their death shall

be equal?  An ill judgment do they make.

     GOD hath created the heavens and the earth in truth; that he may

recompense every soul according to that which it shall have wrought: and they

shall not be treated unjustly.

     What thinkest thou?  He who taketh his own lust for his GOD, and whom GOD

causeth knowingly to err, and whose ears and whose heart he hath sealed up,

and over whose eyes he hath cast a veil; who shall direct him, after GOD shall

have forsaken him?  Will ye therefore not be admonished?

     They say, There is no other life, except our present life: we die, and we

live; and nothing but time destroyeth us.  But they have no knowledge in this

matter; they only follow a vain opinion.

     And when our evident signs are rehearsed unto them, their argument which

they offer against the same is no other than that they say, Bring to life our

fathers who have been dead; if ye speak truth.

     Say, GOD giveth you life; and afterwards causeth you to die: hereafter

will he assemble you together on the day of resurrection; there is no doubt

thereof; but the greater part of men do not understand.

     Unto GOD appertaineth the kingdom of heaven and earth; and the day

whereon the hour shall be fixed, on that day shall those who charge the Koran

with vanity perish.

     And thou shalt see every nation kneeling: every nation shall be called

unto its book of account; and it shall be said unto them, This day shall ye be

rewarded according to that which ye have wrought.

     This our book will speak concerning you with truth; therein have we

written down whatever ye have done.

30     As to those who shall have believed and done good works, their LORD shall

lead them into his mercy: this shall be manifest felicity.

     But as to the infidels, it shall be said unto them, Were not my signs

rehearsed unto you? but ye proudly rejected them, and became a wicked people!

     And when it was said unto you, Verily the promise of GOD is true: and as

to the hour of judgment, there is no doubt thereof: ye answered, We know not

what the hour of judgment is: we hold an uncertain opinion only; and we are

not well assured of this matter.

     But on that day the evils of that which they have wrought shall appear

unto them; and that which they mocked at shall encompass them:

     and it shall be said unto them, This day will we forget you, as ye did

forget the meeting of this your day: and your abode shall be hell fire; and ye

shall have none to deliver you.

     This shall ye suffer, because ye turned the signs of GOD to ridicule; and

the life of the world deceived you.  On this day, therefore, they shall not be

taken forth from thence, neither shall they be asked any more to render

themselves well-pleasing unto God.

     Wherefore praise be unto GOD, the LORD of the heavens, and the LORD of

the earth;

     the LORD of all creatures: and unto him be glory in heaven and earth; for

he is the mighty, the wise God.







