




CHAPTER XII.



ENTITLED, JOSEPH; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     A.L.R.  These are the signs of the perspicuous book;

     which we have sent down in the Arabic tongue, that, peradventure, ye

might understand.

     We relate unto thee a most excellent history, by revealing unto thee this

Koran, whereas thou wast before one of the negligent.

     When Joseph said unto his father, O my father, verily I saw in my dream

eleven stars, and the sun and the moon; I saw them make obeisance unto me:

     Jacob said, O my child, tell not thy vision to thy brethren, lest they

devise some plot against thee; for the devil is a professed enemy unto man;

     and thus, according to thy dream, shall thy LORD choose thee, and teach

thee the interpretation of dark sayings, and he shall accomplish his favor

upon thee and upon the family of Jacob, as he hath formerly accomplished it

upon thy fathers Abraham and Isaac; for thy LORD is knowing and wise.

     Surely in the history of Joseph and his brethren there are signs of GOD's

providence to the inquisitive;

     when they said to one another, Joseph and his brother are dearer to our

father than we, who are the greater number: our father certainly maketh a

wrong judgment.

     Wherefore slay Joseph, or drive him into some distant or desert part of

the earth, and the face of your father shall be cleared towards you; and ye

shall afterwards be people of integrity.

10     One of them spoke and said; Slay not Joseph, but throw him to the

bottom of the well; and some travellers will take him up, if ye do this.

     They said unto Jacob, O father, why dost thou not intrust Joseph with us,

since we are sincere well-wishers unto him?

     Send him with us to-morrow, into the field, that he may divert himself,

and sport, and we will be his guardians.

     Jacob answered, It grieveth me that ye take him away; and I fear lest the

wolf devour him, while ye are negligent of him.

     They said, Surely if the wolf devour him, when there are so many of us,

we shall be weak indeed.

     And when they had carried him with them, and agreed to set him at the

bottom of the well, they executed their design: and we sent a revelation unto

him, saying, Thou shalt hereafter declare this their action unto them; and

they shall not perceive thee to be Joseph.

     And they came to their father at even, weeping,

     and said, Father, we went and ran races with one another, and we left

Joseph with our baggage, and the wolf hath devoured him; but thou wilt not

believe us, although we speak the truth.

     And they produced his inner garment stained with false blood.  Jacob

answered, Nay, but ye yourselves have contrived the thing for your own sakes:

however patience is most becoming, and GOD'S assistance is to be implored to

enable me to support the misfortune which ye relate.

     And certain travellers came, and sent one to draw water for them; and

he let down his bucket, and said, Good news! this is a youth.  And they

concealed him, that they might sell him as a piece of merchandise: but GOD

knew that which they did.

20     And they sold him for a mean price, for a few pence, and valued him

lightly.

     And the Egyptian who bought him said to his wife, Use him honourably;

peradventure he may be serviceable to us, or we may adopt him for our son.

Thus did we prepare an establishment for Joseph in the earth, and we taught

him the interpretation of dark sayings: for GOD is well able to effect his

purpose; but the greater part of men do not understand.

     And when he had attained his age of strength, we bestowed on him wisdom,

and knowledge; for thus do we recompense the righteous.

     And she, in whose house he was, desired him to lie with her; and she shut

the doors and said, Come hither.  He answered, GOD forbid! verily my lord

hath made my dwelling with him easy; and the ungrateful shall not prosper.

     But she resolved within herself to enjoy him, and he would have resolved

to enjoy her, had he not seen the evident demonstration of his LORD.  So we

turned away evil and filthiness from him, because he was one of our sincere

servants.

     And they ran to get one before the other to the door; and she rent his

inner garment behind.  And they met her lord at the door.  She said, What

shall be the reward of him who seeketh to commit evil in thy family, but

imprisonment, and a painful punishment?

     And Joseph said, She asked me to lie with her.  And a witness of her

family bore witness, saying, If his garment be rent before, she speaketh

truth, and he is a liar:

     but if his garment be rent behind, she lieth, and he is a speaker of

truth.

     And when her husband saw that his garment was torn behind, he said, This

is a cunning contrivance of your sex; for surely your cunning is great.

     O Joseph, take no farther notice of this affair: and thou, O woman, ask

pardon for thy crime; for thou art a guilty person.

30     And certain women said publicly in the city, The nobleman's wife asked

her servant to lie with her; he hath inflamed her breast with his love; and we

perceive her to be in manifest error.

     And when she heard of their subtle behaviour, she sent unto them, and

prepared a banquet for them, and she gave to each of them a knife; and she

said unto Joseph, Come forth unto them.  And when they saw him, they praised

him greatly; and they cut their own hands, and said, O GOD! this is not a

mortal; he is no other than an angel, deserving the highest respect.

     And his mistress said, This is he, for whose sake ye blamed me: I asked

him to lie with me, but he constantly refused.  But if he do not perform that

which I command him, he shall surely be cast into prison, and he shall be made

one of the contemptible.

     Joseph said, O LORD, a prison is more eligible unto me than the crime to

which they invite me; but unless thou turn aside their snares from me, I shall

youthfully incline unto them, and I shall become one of the foolish.

     Wherefore his LORD heard him, and turned aside their snare from him; for

he both heareth and knoweth.

     And it seemed good unto them even after they had seen the signs of

innocency, to imprison him for a time.

     And there entered into the prison with him two of the king's servants.

One of them said, it seemed to me in my dream that I pressed wine out of

grapes.  And the other said, It seemed unto me  in my dream that I carried

bread on my head, whereof the birds did eat.  Declare unto us the

interpretation of our dreams, for we perceive that thou art a beneficent

person.

     Joseph answered, No food, wherewith ye may be nourished, shall come unto

you, but I will declare unto you the interpretation thereof, before it come

unto you.  This knowledge is a part of that which my LORD hath taught me: for

I have left the religion of people who believe not in GOD, and who deny the

life to come;

     and I follow the religion of my fathers, Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob.

It is not lawful for us to associate anything with GOD.  This knowledge of the

divine unity hath been given us of the bounty of GOD towards us, and towards

mankind; but the greater part of men are not thankful.

     O my fellow-prisoners, are sundry lords better, or the only true and

mighty GOD?

40     Ye worship not, besides him other than the names which ye have named,

ye and your fathers, concerning which GOD hath sent down no authoritative

proof: yet judgment belongeth unto GOD alone; who hath commanded that ye

worship none besides him.  This is the right religion; but the greater part of

men know it not.

     O my fellow-prisoners, verily the one of you shall serve wine unto his

lord, as formerly; but the other shall be crucified, and the birds shall eat

from off his head.  The matter is decreed, concerning which ye seek to be

informed.

     And Joseph said unto him whom he judged to be the person who should

escape of the two, Remember me in the presence of thy lord.  But the devil

caused him to forget to make mention of Joseph unto his lord; wherefore he

remained in the prison some years.

     And the king of Egypt said, Verily, I saw in my dream seven fat kine,

which seven lean kine devoured, and seven green ears of corn, and other seven

withered ears.  O nobles, expound my vision unto me, if ye be able to

interpret a vision.

     They answered, They are confused dreams, neither are we skilled in the

interpretation of such kind of dreams.

     And Joseph's fellow-prisoner who had been delivered, said, (for he

remembered Joseph after a certain space of time,) I will declare unto you the

interpretation thereof; wherefore let me go unto the person who will interpret

it unto me.

     And he went to the prison, and said, O Joseph, thou man of veracity,

teach us the interpretation of seven fat kine, which seven lean kine devoured;

and of seven green ears of corn, and other seven withered ears, which the king

saw in his dream; that I may return unto the men who have sent me, that

peradventure they may understand the same.

     Joseph answered, Ye shall sow seven years as usual: and the corn which ye

shall reap, do ye leave in its ear, except a little whereof ye may eat.

     Then shall there come, after this, seven grievous years of famine, which

shall consume what ye shall have laid up as a provision for the same, except a

little which ye shall have kept.

     Then shall there come, after this, a year wherein men shall have plenty

of rain, and wherein they shall press wine and oil.

50     And when the chief butler had reported this, the king said, Bring him

unto me.  And when the messenger came unto Joseph, he said, Return unto thy

lord, and ask of him, what was the intent of the women who cut their hands;

for my LORD well knoweth the snare which they laid for me.

     And when the women were assembled before the king, he said unto them,

What was your design, when ye solicited Joseph to unlawful love?  They

answered, GOD be praised! we know not any ill of him.  The nobleman's wife

said, Now is the truth become manifest: I solicited him to lie with me; and he

is one of those who speak truth.

     And when Joseph was acquainted therewith, he said, This discovery hath

been made, that my lord might know that I was not unfaithful unto him in his

absence, and that God directeth not the plot of the deceivers.

     Neither do I absolutely justify myself: since every soul is prone unto

evil, except those on whom my LORD shall show mercy; for my LORD is gracious

and merciful.

     And the king said, Bring him unto me: I will take him into my own

peculiar service.  And when Joseph was brought unto the king, and he had

discoursed with him, he said, Thou art this day firmly established with us,

and shalt be intrusted with our affairs.

     Joseph answered, Set me over the storehouses of the land; for I will be a

skilful keeper thereof.

     Thus did we establish Joseph in the land, that he might provide himself a

dwelling therein, where he pleased.  We bestow our mercy on whom we please,

and we suffer not the reward of the righteous to perish:

     and certainly the reward of the next life is better, for those who

believe, and fear God.

     Moreover, Joseph's brethren came, and went in unto him; and he knew

them, but they knew not him.

     And when he had furnished them with their provisions, he said, Bring unto

me your brother, the son of your father; do ye not see that I give full

measure, and that I am the most hospitable receiver of guests?

60     But if ye bring him not unto me, there shall be no corn measured unto

you from me, neither shall ye approach my presence.

     They answered, We will endeavour to obtain him of his father, and we will

certainly perform what thou requirest.

     And Joseph said to his servants, Put their money, which they have paid

for their corn; into their sacks, that they may perceive it, when they shall

be returned to their family: peradventure they will come back unto us.

     And when they were returned unto their father, they said, O father, it is

forbidden to measure out corn unto us any more, unless we carry our brother

Benjamin with us: wherefore send our brother with us, and we shall have corn

measured unto us; and we will certainly guard him from any mischance.

     Jacob answered, Shall I trust him with you with any better success than I

trusted your brother Joseph with you heretofore?  But GOD is the best

guardian; and he is the most merciful of those that show mercy.

     And when they opened their provision, they found their money had been

returned unto them; and they said, O father, what do we desire farther? this

our money hath been returned unto us; we will therefore return, and provide

corn for our family: we will take care of our brother; and we shall receive a

camel's burden more than we did the last time.  This is a small quantity.

     Jacob said, I will by no means send him with you, until ye give me a

solemn promise, and swear by GOD that ye will certainly bring him back unto

me, unless ye be encompassed by some inevitable impediment.  And when they

had given him their solemn promise, he said, GOD is witness of what we say.

     And he said, My sons, enter not into the city by one and the same gate;

but enter by different gates.  But this precaution will be of no advantage

unto you against the decree of GOD; for judgment belongeth unto GOD alone:

in him do I put my trust, and in him let those confide who seek in whom to put

their trust.

     And when they entered the city, as their father had commanded them, it

was of no advantage unto them against the decree of GOD; and the same

served only to satisfy the desire of Jacob's soul, which he had charged them

to perform: for he was endued with knowledge of that which we had taught him;

but the greater part of men do not understand.

     And when they entered into the presence of Joseph, he received his

brother Benjamin as his guest, and said, Verily I am thy brother, be not

therefore afflicted for that which they have committed against us.

70     And when he had furnished them with their provisions, he put his cup in

his brother Benjamin's sack.  Then a crier cried after them, saying, O company

of travellers, ye are surely thieves.

     They said, (and turned back unto them,) What is it that ye miss?

     They answered, We miss the prince's cup: and unto him who shall produce

it, shall be given a camel's load of corn, and I will be surety for the same.

     Joseph's brethren replied, By GOD, ye do well know, that we come not to

act corruptly in the land, neither are we thieves.

     The Egyptians said, What shall be the reward of him, who shall appear to

have stolen the cup, if ye be found liars?

     Joseph's brethren answered, As to the reward of him, in whose sack it

shall be found, let him become a bondman in satisfaction of the same: thus do

we reward the unjust, who are guilty of theft.

     Then he began by their sacks, before he searched the sack of his

brother; and he drew out the cup from his brother's sack.  Thus did we

furnish Joseph with a stratagem.  It was not lawful for him to take his

brother for a bondman, by the law of the king of Egypt, had not GOD pleased

to allow it, according to the offer of his brethren.  We exalt to degrees of

knowledge and honour whom we please: and there is one who is knowing above all

those who are endued with knowledge.

     His brethren said, If Benjamin be guilty of theft, his brother Joseph

hath been also guilty of theft heretofore.  But Joseph concealed these things

in his mind, and did not discover them unto them: and he said within himself,

Ye are in a worse condition than us two; and GOD best knoweth what ye

discourse about.

     They said unto Joseph, Noble lord, verily this lad hath an aged father;

wherefore take one of us in his stead; for we perceive that thou art a

beneficent person.

     Joseph answered, GOD forbid that we should take any other than him with

whom we found our goods; for then should we certainly be unjust.

80     And when they despaired of obtaining Benjamin, they retired to confer

privately together.  And the elder of them said, Do ye not know that your

father hath received a solemn promise from you, in the name of GOD, and how

perfidiously ye behaved heretofore towards Joseph?  Wherefore I will by no

means depart the land of Egypt, until my father give me leave to return unto

him, or GOD maketh known his will to me; for he is the best judge.

     Return ye to your father, and say, O father, verily thy son hath

committed theft; we bear witness of no more than what we know, and we could

not guard against what we did not foresee:

     and do thou inquire in the city, where we have been, and of the company

of merchants, with whom we are arrived, and thou wilt find that we speak the

truth.

     And when they were returned, and had spoken thus to their father, he

said, Nay, but rather ye yourselves have contrived the thing for your own

sakes, but patience is most proper for me; peradventure GOD will restore them

all unto me; for he is knowing and wise.

     And he turned from them and said, Oh how I am grieved for Joseph!  And

his eyes became white with mourning, he being oppressed with deep sorrow.

     His sons said, By GOD, thou wilt not cease to remember Joseph until thou

be brought to death's door, or thou be actually destroyed by excessive

affliction.

     He answered, I only represent my grief, which I am not able to contain,

and my sorrow unto GOD, but I know by revelation from GOD that which ye

know not.

     O my sons, go and make inquiry after Joseph and his brother; and despair

not of the mercy of GOD; for none despaireth of GOD's mercy, except the

unbelieving people.

     Wherefore Joseph's brethren returned into Egypt: and when they came

into his presence, they said, Noble lord, the famine is felt by us and our family,

and we are come with a small sum of money: yet give unto us full measure,

and bestow corn upon us as alms; for GOD rewardeth the almsgivers.

     Joseph said unto them, Do ye know what ye did unto Joseph and his

brother, when ye were ignorant of the consequences thereof?

90     They answered, Art thou really Joseph?  He replied, I am Joseph; and

this is my brother.  Now hath GOD been gracious unto us.  For whoso feareth

God, and persevereth with patience, shall at length find relief; since GOD

will not suffer the reward of the righteous to perish.

     They said, By GOD, now hath GOD chosen thee above us; and we have surely

been sinners.

     Joseph answered, Let there be no reproach cast on you this day.  GOD

forgiveth you; for he is the most merciful of those who show mercy.

     Depart ye with this my inner garment, and throw it on my father's face;

and he shall recover his sight: and then come unto me with all your family.

     And when the company of travellers was departed from Egypt on their

journey towards Canaan, their father said, unto those who were about him,

Verily I perceive the smell of Joseph; although ye think that I dote.

     They answered, By GOD, thou art in thy old mistake.

     But when the messenger of good tidings was come with Joseph's inner

garment, he threw it over his face; and he recovered his eyesight.

     And Jacob said, Did I not tell you that I knew from GOD, that which ye

knew not?

     They answered, O father, ask pardon of our sins for us, for we have

surely been sinners.

     He replied, I will surely ask pardon for you of my LORD; for he is

gracious and merciful.

     And when Jacob and his family arrived in Egypt, and were introduced unto

Joseph, he received his parents unto him, and said, Enter ye into Egypt, by

GOD'S favor, in full security.

100     And he raised his parents to the seat of state, and they, together with

his brethren, fell down and did obeisance unto him.  And he said, O my father,

this is the interpretation of my vision, which I saw heretofore: now hath my

LORD rendered it true.  And he hath surely been gracious unto me, since he

took me forth from the prison, and hath brought you hither from the desert;

after that the devil had sown discord between me any my brethren: for my

LORD is gracious unto whom he pleaseth; and he is the knowing, the wise God.

     O LORD, thou hast given me a part of the kingdom, and hast taught me the

interpretation of dark sayings.  The Creator of heaven and earth! thou art my

protector in this world, and in that which is to come: make me to die a

Moslem, and join me with the righteous.

     This is a secret history which we reveal unto thee, O Mohammed, although

thou wast not present with the brethren of Joseph, when they concerted their

design, and contrived a plot against him.

     But the greater part of men, although they earnestly desire it, will not

believe.

     Thou shalt not demand of them any reward for thy publishing the Koran; it

is no other than an admonition unto all creatures.

     And how many signs soever there be of the being, unity, and providence of

God, in the heavens and the earth; they will pass by them, and will retire

afar off from them.

     And the greater part of them believe not in GOD, without being also

guilty of idolatry.

     Do they not believe that some overwhelming affliction shall fall on them,

as a punishment from GOD; or that the hour of judgment shall overtake them

suddenly, when they consider not its approach?

     Say unto those of Mecca, This is my way: I invite you unto GOD, by an

evident demonstration; both I and he who followeth me; and, praise be unto

GOD! I am not an idolater.

     We sent not any apostles before thee, except men, unto whom we revealed

our will, and whom we chose out of those who dwelt in cities.  Will they not

go through the earth, and see what hath been the end of those who have

preceded them?  But the dwelling of the next life shall surely be better for

those who fear God.  Will they not therefore understand?

110     Their predecessors were borne with for a time, until, when our apostles

despaired of their conversion, and they thought that they were liars, our help

came unto them, and we delivered whom we pleased; but our vengeance was not

turned away from the wicked people.

     Verily in the histories of the prophets and their people, there is an

instructive example unto those who are endued with understanding.  The Koran

is not a new invented fiction: but a confirmation of those scriptures which

have been revealed before it, and a distinct explication of everything

necessary in respect either to faith or practice, and a direction and mercy

unto people who believe.







