




CHAPTER XLIX.



ENTITLED, THE INNER APARTMENTS; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     O TRUE believers, anticipate not any matter in the sight of GOD and his

apostle: and fear GOD; for GOD both heareth and knoweth.

     O true believers, raise not your voices above the voice of the prophet;

neither speak loud unto him in discourse, as ye speak loud unto one another,

lest your works become vain, and ye perceive it not.

     Verily they who lower their voices in the presence of the apostle of GOD

are those whose hearts GOD hath disposed unto piety: they shall obtain pardon,

and a great reward.

     As to those who call unto thee from without the inner apartments; the

greater part of them do not understand the respect due to thee.

     If they wait with patience, until thou come forth unto them, it will

certainly be better for them: but GOD is inclined to forgive, and merciful.

     O true believers, if a wicked man come unto you with a tale, inquire

strictly into the truth thereof; lest ye hurt people through ignorance, and

afterwards repent of what ye have done;

     and know that the apostle of GOD is among you: if he should obey you in

many things, ye would certainly be guilty of a crime, in leading him into a

mistake.  But GOD hath made the faith amiable unto you, and hath prepared the

same in your hearts; and hath rendered infidelity, and iniquity, and

disobedience hateful unto you.  These are they who walk in the right way;

     through mercy from GOD, and grace: and GOD is knowing, and wise.

     If two parties of the believers contend with one another, do ye endeavour

to compose the matter between them: and if the one of them offer an insult

unto the other, fight against that party which offered the insult, until they

return unto the judgment of GOD; and if they do return, make peace between

them with equity: and act with justice; for GOD loveth those who act justly.

10     Verily the true believers are brethren; wherefore reconcile your

brethren; and fear GOD, that ye may obtain mercy.

     O true believers, let not men laugh other men to scorn; who peradventure

may be better than themselves: neither let women laugh other women to scorn;

who may possibly be better than themselves.  Neither defame one another; nor

call one another by opprobrious appellations.  An ill name it is to be charged

with wickedness, after having embraced the faith: and whoso repenteth not,

they will be the unjust doers.

     O true believers, carefully avoid entertaining a suspicion of another:

for some suspicions are a crime.  Inquire not too curiously into other men's

failings: neither let the one of you speak ill of another in his absence.

Would any of you desire to eat the flesh of his dead brother?  Surely ye would

abhor it.  And fear GOD; for GOD is easy to be reconciled, and merciful.

     O men, verily we have created you of a male and a female; and we have

distributed you into nations and tribes, that ye might know one another.

Verily the most honourable of you, in the sight of GOD, is the most pious of

you: and GOD is wise and knowing.

     The Arabs of the desert say, We believe.  Answer, Ye do by no means

believe; but say, We have embraced Islâm: for the faith hath not yet entered

into your hearts.  If ye obey GOD and his apostle, he will not defraud you of

any part of the merit of your works: for GOD is inclined to forgive, and

merciful.

     Verily the true believers are those only who believe in GOD and his

apostle, and afterwards doubt not; and who employ their substance and their

persons in the defence of GOD'S true religion: these are they who speak

sincerely.

     Say, Will ye inform GOD concerning your religion?  But GOD knoweth

whatever is in heaven and in earth: for GOD is omniscient.

     They upbraid thee that they have embraced Islâm.  Answer, Upbraid me not

with your having embraced Islâm: rather GOD upbraideth you, that he hath

directed you to the faith; if ye speak sincerely.

     Verily GOD knoweth the secrets of heaven and earth: and GOD beholdeth

that which ye do.







