




CHAPTER LXIII.



ENTITLED, THE HYPOCRITES; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     WHEN the hypocrites come unto thee, they say, We bear witness that thou

art indeed the apostle of GOD.  And GOD knoweth that thou art indeed his

apostle: but GOD beareth witness that the hypocrites are certainly liars.

     They have taken their oaths for a protection, and they turn others aside

from the way of GOD: it is surely evil which they do.

     This is testified of them, because they believed, and afterwards became

unbelievers: wherefore a seal is set on their hearts, and they shall not

understand.

     When thou beholdest them, their persons please thee: and if they speak,

thou hearest their discourse with delight.  They resemble pieces of timber set

up against a wall.  They imagine every shout to be against them.  They are

enemies: wherefore beware of them.  GOD curse them: how are they turned aside

from the truth!

     And when it is said unto them, Come, that the apostle of GOD may ask

pardon for you; they turn away their heads, and thou seest them retire big

with disdain.

     It shall be equal unto them, whether thou ask pardon for them, or do not

ask pardon for them: GOD will by no means forgive them; for GOD directeth not

the prevaricating people.

     These are the men who say to the inhabitants of Medina, Do not bestow

anything on the refugees who are with the apostle of GOD, that they may be

obliged to separate from him.  Whereas unto GOD belong the stores of heaven

and earth: but the hypocrites do not understand.

     They say, Verily, if we return to Medina, the worthier shall expel thence

the meaner.  Whereas superior worth belongeth unto GOD and his apostle, and

the true believers: but the hypocrites know it not.

     O true believers, let not your riches or your children divert you from

the remembrance of GOD: for whosoever doth this, they will surely be losers.

10     And give alms out of that which we have bestowed on you; before death

come unto one of you, and he say, O LORD, wilt thou not grant me respite for a

short term: that I may give alms, and become one of the righteous?

     For GOD will by no means grant further respite to a soul, when its

determined time is come: and GOD is fully apprised of that which ye do.







