




CHAPTER LXXI.



ENTITLED, NOAH; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     VERILY we sent Noah unto his people, saying, Warn thy people, before a

grievous punishment overtake them.

     Noah said, O my people, verily I am a public warner unto you;

     wherefore serve GOD, and fear him, and obey me;

     he will forgive you part of your sins; and will grant you respite until

a determined time: for GOD'S determined time, when it cometh, shall not be

deferred; if ye were men of understanding, ye would know this.

     He said, LORD, verily I have called my people night and day; but my

calling only increaseth their aversion:

     and whensoever I call them to the true faith, that thou mayest forgive

them, they put their fingers in their ears, and cover themselves with their

garments, and persist in their infidelity, and proudly disdain my counsel.

     Moreover I invited them openly,

     and I spake to them again in public; and I also secretly admonished them

in private;

10     and I said, Beg pardon of your LORD; for he is inclined to forgive:

     and he will cause the heaven to pour down rain plentifully upon you,

     and will give you increase of wealth and of children; and he will

provide you gardens, and furnish you with rivers.

     What aileth you, that ye hope not for benevolence in GOD;

     since he hath created you variously?

     Do ye not see how GOD hath created the seven heavens, one above another;

     and hath placed the moon therein for a light, and hath appointed the sun

for a taper?

     GOD hath also produced and caused you to spring forth from the earth:

     hereafter he will cause you to return into the same; and he will again

take you thence, by bringing you forth from your graves.

     And GOD hath spread the earth as a carpet for you,

20     that ye may walk therein through spacious paths.

     Noah said, LORD, verily they are disobedient unto me; and they follow

him whose riches and children do no other than increase his perdition.

     And they devised a dangerous plot against Noah:

     and the chief men said to the others, Ye shall by no means leave your

gods; neither shall ye forsake Wadd, nor Sowa, nor Yaghuth, and Yauk, and

Nesr.

     And they seduced many; (for thou shalt only increase error in the

wicked:)

     because of their sins they were drowned, and cast into the fire of hell;

and they found none to protect them against GOD.

     And Noah said, LORD, leave not any families of the unbelievers on the

earth:

     for if thou leave them, they will seduce thy servants, and will beget

none but a wicked and unbelieving offspring.

     LORD, forgive me and my parents, and every one who shall enter my

house, being a true believer, and the true believers of both sexes; and add

unto the unjust doers nothing but destruction.







