




CHAPTER LVIII.



ENTITLED, SHE WHO DISPUTED; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     NOW hath GOD heard the speech of her who disputed with thee concerning

her husband, and made her complaint unto GOD; and GOD hath heard your

mutual discourse: for GOD both heareth and seeth.

     As to those among you who divorce their wives, by declaring that they

will thereafter regard them as their mothers; let them know that they are not

their mothers.  They only are their mothers who brought them forth; and they

certainly utter an unjustifiable saying and a falsehood: but GOD is gracious and

ready to forgive.

     Those who divorce their wives by declaring that they will for the future

regard them as their mothers, and afterwards would repair what they have

said, shall be obliged to free a captive, before they touch one another.

That is what ye are warned to perform: and GOD is well apprised of that which

ye do.

     And whoso findeth not a captive to redeem, shall observe a fast of two

consecutive months, before they touch one another.  And whoso shall not be

able to fast that time, shall feed threescore poor men.  This is ordained you,

that ye may believe in GOD and his apostle.  These are the statutes of GOD:

and for the unbelievers is prepared a grievous torment.

     Verily they who oppose GOD and his apostle shall be brought low, as the

unbelievers who preceded them were brought low.  And now have we sent down

manifest signs: and an ignominious punishment awaiteth the unbelievers.

     On a certain day GOD shall raise them all to life, and shall declare unto

them that which they have wrought.  GOD hath taken an exact account thereof;

but they have forgotten the same: and GOD is witness over all things.

     Dost thou not perceive that GOD knoweth whatever is in heaven and in

earth?  There is no private discourse among three persons, but he is the

fourth of them; nor among five, but he is the sixth of them; neither among a

smaller number than this, nor a larger, but he is with them, wheresoever they

be: and he will declare unto them that which they have done, on the day of

resurrection; for GOD knoweth all things.

     Hast thou not observed those who have been forbidden to use clandestine

discourse, but afterwards return to what they have been forbidden, and

discourse privily among themselves of wickedness, and enmity, and disobedience

towards the apostle?  And when they come unto thee, they salute thee with

that form of salutation wherewith GOD doth not salute thee; and they say

among themselves, by way of derision, Would not GOD punish us for what we say,

if this man were a prophet?  Hell shall be their sufficient punishment: they

shall go down into the same to be burned; and an unhappy journey shall it be!

     O true believers, when ye discourse privily together, discourse not of

wickedness, and enmity, and disobedience towards the apostle; but discourse of

justice and piety: and fear GOD, before whom ye shall be assembled.

10     Verily the clandestine discourse of the infidels proceedeth from Satan,

that he may grieve the true believers: but there shall be none to hurt them in

the least, unless by the permission of GOD; wherefore in GOD let the faithful

trust.

     O true believers, when it is said unto you, Make room in the assembly;

make room: GOD will grant you ample room in paradise.  And when it is said

unto you, Rise up; rise up: GOD will raise those of you who believe, and those

to whom knowledge is given, to superior degrees of honour; and GOD is fully

apprised of that which ye do.

     O true believers, when ye go to speak with the apostle, give alms

previously to your discoursing with him; this will be better for you, and

more pure.  But if ye find not what to give, verily GOD will be gracious and

merciful unto you.

     Do ye fear to give alms previously to your discoursing with the prophet,

lest ye should impoverish yourselves?  Therefore if ye do it not, and GOD is

gracious unto you, by dispensing with the said precept for the future, be

constant at prayer, and pay the legal alms; and obey GOD and his apostle in

all other matters: for GOD well knoweth that which ye do.

     Hast thou not observed those who have taken for their friends a people

against whom GOD is incensed?  They are neither of you, nor of them: and

they swear to a lies knowingly.

     GOD hath prepared for them a grievous punishment; for it is evil which

they do.

     They have taken their oaths for a cloak, and they have turned men aside

from the way of GOD: wherefore a shameful punishment awaiteth them;

     neither their wealth nor their children shall avail them at all against

GOD.  These shall be the inhabitants of hell fire; they shall abide therein

forever.

     On a certain day GOD shall raise them all: then will they swear unto him,

as they swear now unto you, imagining that it will be of service to them.

Are they not liars?

     Satan hath prevailed against them, and hath caused them to forget the

remembrance of GOD.  These are the party of the devil; and shall not the

party of the devil be doomed to perdition?

20     Verily they who oppose GOD and his apostle shall be placed among

the most vile.

    GOD hath written, Verily I will prevail, and my apostles: for GOD is strong

and mighty.

     Thou shalt not find people who believe in GOD and the last day to love

him who opposeth GOD and his apostle; although they be their fathers, or

their sons, or their brethren, or their nearest relations.  In the hearts of

these hath GOD written faith; and he hath strengthened them with his

spirit: and he will lead them into gardens, beneath which rivers flow, to

remain therein forever.  GOD is well pleased in them; and they are well

pleased in him.  These are the party of GOD: and shall not the party of

GOD prosper?







