




CHAPTER XVI.



ENTITLED, THE BEE; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     THE sentence of GOD will surely come to be executed; wherefore do not

hasten it.  Praise be unto him! and far be that from him which they associate

with him!

     He shall cause the angels to descend with a revelation by his command,

unto such of his servants as he pleaseth, saying, Preach that there is no GOD,

except myself; therefore fear me.

     He hath created the heavens and the earth, to manifest his justice; far

be that from him which they associate with him!

     He hath created man of seed; and yet behold he is a professed disputer

against the resurrection.

     He hath likewise created the cattle for you; from them ye have wherewith

to keep yourselves warm, and other advantages; and of them do ye also eat.

     And they are likewise a credit unto you, when ye drive them home in the

evening, and when ye lead them forth to feed in the morning:

     and they carry your burdens to a distant country, at which ye could not

otherwise arrive, unless with great difficulty to yourselves; for your LORD is

compassionate and merciful.

     and he hath also created horses, and mules, and asses, that ye may ride

thereon, and for an ornament unto you; and he likewise created other things

which ye know not.

     It appertaineth unto GOD to instruct men in the right way; and there is

who turneth aside from the same: but if he had pleased, he would certainly

have directed you all.

10     It is he who sendeth down from heaven rain water, whereof ye have to

drink, and from which plants, whereon ye feed your cattle, receive their

nourishment.

     And by means thereof he causeth corn, and olives, and palm-trees, and

grapes, and all kinds of fruits, to spring forth for you.  Surely herein is a

sign of the divine power and wisdom unto people who consider.

     And he hath subjected the night and the day to your service; and the sun,

and the moon, and the stars, which are compelled to serve by his command.

Verily herein are signs unto people of understanding.

     And he hath also given you dominion over whatever he hath created for you

in the earth, distinguished by its different colour.  Surely herein is a sign

unto people who reflect.

     It is he who hath subjected the sea unto you, that ye might eat fish

thereout, and take from thence ornaments for you to wear; and thou seest the

ships ploughing the waves thereof, that ye may seek to enrich yourselves of

his abundance, by commerce; and that ye might give thanks.

     And he hath thrown upon the earth mountains firmly rooted, lest it should

move with you, and also rivers, and paths, that ye might be directed:

     and he hath likewise ordained marks whereby men may know their way; and

they are directed by the stars.

     Shall God therefore, who createth, be as he who createth not?  Do ye not

therefore consider?

     If ye attempt to reckon up the favors of GOD, ye shall not be able to

compute their number; GOD is surely gracious and merciful;

     and GOD knoweth that which ye conceal, and that which ye publish.

20     But the idols which ye invoke, besides GOD, create nothing, but are

themselves created.

     They are dead, and not living; neither do they understand when they shall

be raised.

     Your GOD is one GOD.  As to those who believe not in the life to come,

their hearts deny the plainest evidence, and they proudly reject the truth.

     There is no doubt but GOD knoweth that which they conceal and that which

they discover.  Verily he loveth not the proud.

     And when it is said unto them, What hath your LORD sent down unto

Mohammed? they answer, Fables of ancient times.

     Thus are they given up to error, that they may bear their own burdens

without diminution on the day of resurrection, and also a part of the burdens

of those whom they caused to err, without knowledge.  Will it not be an evil

burden which they shall bear?

     Their predecessors devised plots heretofore: but GOD came into their

building, to overthrow it from the foundations; and the roof fell on them from

above, and a punishment came upon them, from whence they did not expect.

     Also on the day of resurrection he will cover them with shame; and will

say, Where are my companions, concerning whom ye disputed?  Those unto whom

knowledge shall have been given, shall answer, This day shall shame and

misery fall upon the unbelievers.

     They whom the angels shall cause to die, having dealt unjustly with

their own souls, shall offer to make their peace in the article of death,

saying, We have done no evil.  But the angels shall reply.  Yea; verily GOD

well knoweth that which ye have wrought:

     wherefore enter the gates of hell, therein to remain forever; and

miserable shall be the abode of the proud.

30     And it shall be said unto those who shall fear God, What hath your LORD

sent down?  They shall answer, Good; unto those who do right shall be given an

excellent reward in this world; but the dwelling of the next life shall be

better; and happy shall be the dwelling of the pious!

     namely gardens of eternal abode, into which they shall enter; rivers

shall flow beneath the same; therein shall they enjoy whatever they wish.

Thus will GOD recompense the pious.

     Unto the righteous, whom the angels shall cause to die, they shall say,

Peace be upon you; enter ye into paradise, as a reward for that which ye have

wrought.

     Do the unbelievers expect any other than that the angels come unto them,

to part their souls from their bodies; or that the sentence of thy LORD come

to be executed on them?  So did they act who were before them; and GOD was not

unjust towards them in that he destroyed them; but they dealt unjustly with

their own souls:

     the evils of that which they committed reached them; and the divine

judgment which they scoffed at fell upon them.

     The idolaters say, If GOD had pleased, we had not worshipped anything

besides him, neither had our fathers: neither had we forbidden anything,

without him.  So did they who were before them.  But is the duty of the

apostles any other than public preaching?

     We have heretofore raised up in every nation an apostle to admonish them,

saying, Worship GOD, and avoid TAGHUT.  And of them there were some whom GOD

directed, and there were others of them who were decreed to go astray.

Wherefore go through the earth, O tribe of Koreish, and see what hath been the

end of those who accused their apostles of imposture.

     If thou, O prophet, dost earnestly wish for their direction; verily GOD

will not direct him whom he hath resolved to lead into error; neither shall

they have any helpers.

     And they swear most solemnly by GOD, saying, GOD will not raise the

dead.  Yea; the promise thereof is true: but the greater part of men know it

not.

     He will raise them that he may clearly show them the truth concerning

which they now disagree, and that the unbelievers may know that they are

liars.

40     Verily our speech unto anything, when we will the same, is, that we only

say unto it, Be; and it is.

     As for those who have fled their country for the sake of GOD, after they

had been unjustly persecuted; we will surely provide them an excellent

habitation in this world, but the reward of the next life shall be greater; if

they knew it.

     They who persevere patiently, and put their trust in their LORD, shall

not fail of happiness in this life and in that which is to come.

     We have not sent any before thee, as our apostles, other than men, unto

whom we spake by revelation.  Inquire therefore of those who have the custody

of the scriptures, if ye know not this to be truth.

     We sent them with evident miracles, and written revelations; and we have

sent down unto thee this Koran, that thou mayest declare unto mankind that

which hath been sent down unto them, and that they may consider.

     Are they who have plotted evil against their prophet secure that GOD will

not cause the earth to cleave under them, or that a punishment will not come

upon them, from whence they do not expect;

     or that he will not chastise them while they are busied in travelling

from one place to another, and in traffic? (for they shall not be able to

elude the power of God,)

     or that he will not chastise them by a gradual destruction?  But your

LORD is truly gracious and merciful in granting you respite.

     Do they not consider the things which GOD hath created; whose shadows

are cast on the right hand and on the left, worshipping God, and become

contracted?

     Whatever moveth both in heaven and on earth worshippeth GOD, and the

angels also; and they are not elated with pride, so as to disdain his service:

50     they fear their LORD, who is exalted above them, and perform that which

they are commanded.

     GOD said, Take not unto yourselves two gods; for there is but one GOD:

and revere me.

     Unto him belongeth whatsoever is in heaven and on earth; and unto him is

obedience eternally due.  Will ye therefore fear any besides GOD?

     Whatever favors ye have received are certainly from GOD; and when evil

afflicteth you, unto him do ye make your supplication;

     yet when he taketh the evil from off you, behold, a part of you give a

companion unto their LORD,

     to show their ingratitude for the favors we have bestowed on them.

Delight yourselves in the enjoyments of this life: but hereafter shall ye know

that ye cannot escape the divine vengeance.

     And they set apart unto idols which have no knowledge, a part of the

food which we have provided for them.  By GOD, ye shall surely be called to

account for that which ye have falsely devised.

     They attribute daughters unto GOD (far be it from him!) but unto

themselves children of the sex which they desire.

     And when any of them is told the news of the birth of a female, his face

becometh black, and he is deeply afflicted:

     he hideth himself from the people, because of the ill tidings which have

been told him; considering within himself whether he shall keep it with

disgrace, or whether he shall bury it in the dust.  Do they not make an ill

judgment?

60     Unto those who believe not in the next life, the similitude of evil ought

to be applied, and unto GOD the most sublime similitude: for he is mighty and

wise.

     If GOD should punish men for their iniquity, he would not leave on the

earth any moving thing: but he giveth them respite unto an appointed time; and

when their time shall come, they shall not be respited an hour, neither shall

their punishment be anticipated.

     They attribute unto GOD that which they dislike themselves, and their

tongues utter a lie; namely, that the reward of paradise is for them.  There

is no doubt but that the fire of hell is prepared for them, and that they

shall be sent thither before the rest of the wicked.

     By GOD, we have heretofore sent messengers unto the nations before thee:

but Satan prepared their works for them; he was their patron in this world,

and in that which is to come they shall suffer a grievous torment.

     We have not sent down the book of the Koran unto thee, for any other

purpose, than that thou shouldest declare unto them that truth concerning

which they disagree; and for a direction and mercy unto people who believe.

     GOD sendeth down water from heaven, and causeth the earth to revive after

it hath been dead.  Verily herein is a sign of the resurrection unto people

who hearken.

     Ye have also in cattle an example of instruction: we give you to drink of

that which is in their bellies; a liquor between digested dregs, and blood;

namely, pure milk, which is swallowed with pleasure by those who drink it.

     And of the fruits of palm-trees, and of grapes, ye obtain an inebriating

liquor, and also good nourishment.  Verily herein is a sign unto people who

understand.

     Thy LORD spake by inspiration unto the bee, saying, Provide thee houses

in the mountains, and in the trees, and of those materials wherewith men build

hives for thee:

     then eat of every kind of fruit, and walk in the beaten paths of thy

LORD.  There proceedeth from their bellies a liquor of various colours,

wherein is a medicine for men.  Verily herein is a sign unto people who

consider.

70     GOD hath created you, and he will hereafter cause you to die: and some of

you shall have his life prolonged to a decrepit age, so that he shall forget

whatever he knew; for GOD is wise and powerful.

     GOD causeth some of you to excel others in worldly possessions: yet they

who are caused to excel do not give their wealth unto the slaves whom their

right hands possess, that they may become equal sharers therein.  Do they

therefore deny the beneficence of GOD?

     GOD hath ordained you wives from among yourselves, and of your wives

hath granted you children and grand-children; and hath bestowed on you good

things for food.  Will they therefore believe in that which is vain, and

ungratefully deny the goodness of GOD?

     They worship, besides GOD, idols which possess nothing wherewith to

sustain them, either in heaven, or on earth; and have no power.

     Wherefore liken not anything unto GOD: for GOD knoweth, but ye know not.

     GOD propoundeth as a parable a possessed slave, who hath power over

nothing, and him on whom we have bestowed a good provision from us, and who

giveth alms thereout both secretly and openly: shall these two be esteemed

equal?  GOD forbid!  But the greater part of men know it not.

     GOD also propoundeth as a parable two men; one of them born dumb, who is

unable to do or understand anything, but is a burden unto his master;

whithersoever he shall send him, he shall not return with any good success:

shall this man, and he who hath his speech and understanding, and who

commandeth that which is just, and followeth the right way, be esteemed

equal?

     Unto GOD alone is the secret of heaven and earth known.  And the business

of the last hour shall be only as the twinkling of an eye, or even more

quick: for GOD is almighty.

     GOD hath brought you forth from the wombs of your mothers; ye knew

nothing, and he gave you the senses of hearing and seeing, and understandings,

that ye might give thanks.

     Do they not behold the fowls which are enabled to fly in the open

firmament of heaven? none supporteth them except GOD.  Verily herein are signs

unto people who believe.

80     GOD hath also provided you houses for habitations for you; and hath also

provided you tents of the skins of cattle, which ye find light to be removed

on the day of your departure to new quarters, and easy to be pitched on the

day of your sitting down therein: and of their wool, and their fur, and their

hair, hath he supplied you with furniture and household-stuff for a season.

     And GOD hath provided for you, of that which he hath created,

conveniences to shade you from the sun, and he hath also provided you places

of retreat in the mountains, and he hath given you garments to defend you

from the heat, and coats of mail to defend you in your wars.  Thus doth he

accomplish his favor towards you, that ye may resign yourselves unto him.

     But if they turn back, verily thy duty is public preaching only.

     They acknowledge the goodness of GOD, and afterwards they deny the same;

but the greater part of them are unbelievers.

     On a certain day we will raise a witness out of every nation: then they

who shall have been unbelievers shall not be suffered to excuse themselves,

neither shall they be received into favor.

     And when they who shall have acted unjustly shall see the torment

prepared for them; (it shall not be mitigated unto them, neither shall they be

respited):

     and when those who shall have been guilty of idolatry shall see their

false gods, they shall say, O LORD, these are our idols which we invoked,

besides thee.  But they shall return an answer unto them, saying, Verily ye

are liars.

     And on that day shall the wicked offer submission unto GOD; and the false

deities which they imagined shall abandon them.

     As for those who shall have been infidels, and shall have turned aside

others from the way of GOD, we will add unto them punishment upon punishment

because they have corrupted others.

     On a certain day we will raise up in every nation a witness against them,

from among themselves; and we will bring thee, O Mohammed, as a witness

against these Arabians.  We have sent down unto thee the book of the Koran,

for an explication of everything necessary both as to faith and practice, and

a direction, and mercy, and good tidings unto the Moslems.

90     Verily GOD commandeth justice, and the doing of good, and the giving unto

kindred what shall be necessary; and he forbiddeth wickedness, and iniquity,

and oppression: he admonisheth you that ye may remember.

     Perform your covenant with GOD, when ye enter into covenant with him;

and violate not your oaths, after the ratification thereof; since ye have made

GOD a witness over you.  Verily GOD knoweth that which ye do.

     And be not like unto her who undoeth that which she hath spun, untwisting

it after she hath twisted it strongly; taking your oaths between you

deceitfully, because one party is more numerous than another party.  Verily

GOD only tempteth you therein; and he will make that manifest unto you, on the

day of resurrection, concerning which ye now disagree.

     If GOD had pleased, he would surely have made you one people: but he

will lead into error whom he pleaseth, and he will direct whom he pleaseth;

and ye shall surely give an account of that which ye have done.

     Therefore take not your oaths between you deceitfully lest your foot

slip, after it hath been steadfastly fixed, and ye taste evil in this life,

for that ye have turned aside from the way of GOD; and ye suffer a grievous

punishment in the life to come.

     And sell not the covenant of GOD for a small price; for with GOD is a

better recompense prepared for you, if ye be men of understanding.

     That which is with you will fail; but that which is with GOD is

permanent: and we will surely reward those who shall persevere, according to

the utmost merit of their actions.

     Whoso worketh righteousness, whether he be male or female, and is a true

believer, we will surely raise him to a happy life; and we will give them

their reward, according to the utmost merit of their actions.

     When thou readest the Koran, have recourse unto GOD, that he may

preserve thee from Satan driven away with stones;

     he hath no power over those who believe, and who put confidence in their

LORD;

100     but his power is over those only who take him for their patron, and who

give companions unto God.

     When we substitute in the Koran an abrogating verse in lieu of a verse

abrogated (and GOD best knoweth the fitness of that which he revealeth), the

infidels say, Thou art only a forger of these verses: but the greater part of

them know not truth from falsehood.

     Say, The holy spirit hath brought the same down from thy LORD with

truth; that he may confirm those who believe, and for a direction and good

tidings unto the Moslems.

     We also know that they say, Verily, a certain man teacheth him to compose

the Koran.  The tongue of the person unto whom they incline is a foreign

tongue; but this, wherein the Koran is written, is the perspicuous Arabic

tongue.

     Moreover as for those who believe not the signs of GOD, GOD will not

direct them, and they shall suffer a painful torment:

     verily they imagine a falsehood who believe not in the signs of GOD, and

they are really the liars.

     Whoever denieth GOD, after he hath believed, except him who shall be

compelled against his will, and whose heart continueth steadfast in the faith,

shall be severely chastised: but whoever shall voluntarily profess

infidelity, on those shall the indignation of GOD fall, and they shall suffer

a grievous punishment.

     This shall be their sentence, because they have loved the present life

above that which is to come, and for that GOD directeth not the unbelieving

people.

     These are they whose hearts, and hearing, and sight, GOD hath sealed up;

and these are the negligent:

     there is no doubt but that in the next life they shall perish.

110     Moreover thy LORD will be favorable unto those who have fled their

country, after having suffered persecution, and had been compelled to deny

the faith by violence, and who have since fought in defence of the true

religion, and have persevered with patience; verily unto these will thy LORD

be gracious and merciful, after they shall have shown their sincerity.

     On a certain day shall every soul come to plead itself, and every soul

shall be repaid that which it shall have wrought; and they shall not be

treated unjustly.

     GOD propoundeth as a parable a city which was secure and quiet, unto

which her provisions came in abundance from every side; but she ungratefully

denied the favor of GOD: wherefore GOD caused her to taste the extreme famine,

and fear, because of that which they had done.

     And now is an apostle come unto the inhabitants of Mecca from among

themselves; and they accuse him of imposture: wherefore a punishment shall be

inflicted on them, while they are acting unjustly.

     Eat of what GOD hath given you for food, that which is lawful and good;

and be thankful for the favors of GOD, if ye serve him.

     He hath only forbidden you that which dieth of itself, and blood, and

swine's flesh, and that which hath been slain in the name of any, besides

GOD.  But unto him who shall be compelled by necessity to eat of these

things, not lusting nor wilfully transgressing, GOD will surely be gracious

and merciful.

     And say not that wherein your tongues utter a lie; This is lawful, and

this is unlawful; that ye may devise a lie concerning GOD: for they who

devise concerning GOD shall not prosper.

     They shall have small enjoyment in this world, and in that which is to

come they shall suffer a grievous torment.

     Unto the Jews did we forbid that which we have told thee formally: and

we did them no injury in that respect; but they injured their own souls.

     Moreover thy LORD will be favorable unto those who do evil through

ignorance, and afterwards repent and amend: verily unto these will thy LORD be

gracious and merciful, after their repentance.

120     Abraham was a model of true religion, obedient unto GOD, orthodox, and

was not an idolater:

     he was also grateful for his benefits: wherefore God chose him, and

directed him into the right way.

     And we bestowed on him good in this world; and in the next he shall

surely be one of the righteous.

     We have also spoken unto thee, O Mohammed, by revelation, saying, Follow

the religion of Abraham, who was orthodox, and was no idolater.

     The sabbath was only appointed unto those who differed with their prophet

concerning it; and thy LORD will surely judge between them, on the day of

resurrection, as to that concerning which they differed.

     Invite men unto the way of thy LORD, by wisdom, and mild exhortation; and

dispute with them in the most condescending manner: for thy LORD well knoweth

him who strayeth from his path, and he well knoweth those who are rightly

directed.

     If ye take vengeance on any, take a vengeance proportionable to the wrong

which hath been done you; but if ye suffer wrong patiently, verily this will

be better for the patient.

     Wherefore, do thou bear opposition with patience; but thy patience shall

not be practicable, unless with GOD'S assistance.  And be thou not grieved on

account of the unbelievers; neither be thou troubled for that which they

subtilely devise;

     for GOD is with those who fear him, and are upright.







