




CHAPTER XLVI.



ENTITLED, AL AHKAF; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     H.M.

     THE revelation of this book is from the mighty, the wise GOD.

     We have not created the heavens, and the earth, and whatever is between

them, otherwise than in truth, and for a determined period: but the

unbelievers turn away from the warning which is given them.

     Say, What think ye?  Show me what part of the earth the idols which ye

invoke, besides GOD, have created?  Or, had they any share in the creation of

the heavens?  Bring me a book of scripture revealed before this, or some

footstep of ancient knowledge, to countenance your idolatrous practices; if ye

are men of veracity.

     Who is in a wider error than he who invoketh, besides GOD, that which

cannot return him an answer, to the day of resurrection; and idols which

regard not their calling on them:

     and which, when men shall be gathered together to judgment, will become

their enemies, and will ungratefully deny their worship?

     When our evident signs are rehearsed unto them, the unbelievers say of

the truth, when it cometh unto them, This is a manifest piece of sorcery.

     Will they say, Mohammed hath forged it?  Answer, If I have forged it,

verily ye shall not obtain for me any favor from GOD: he well knoweth the

injurious language which ye utter concerning it: he is a sufficient witness

between me and you; and he is gracious and merciful.

     Say, I am not singular among the apostles; neither do I know what will

be done with me or with you hereafter: I follow no other than what is revealed

unto me; neither am I any more than a public warner.

10     Say, What is your opinion?  If this book be from GOD, and ye believe not

therein; and a witness of the children of Israel bear witness to its

consonancy with the law, and believeth therein; and ye proudly reject the

same: are ye not unjust doers?  Verily GOD directeth not unjust people.

     But those who believe not say of the true believers, If the doctrine of

the Koran had been good, they had not embraced the same before us.  And when

they are not guided thereby, they say, This is an antiquated lie.

     Whereas the book of Moses was revealed before the Koran, to be a guide

and a mercy: and this is a book confirming the same, delivered in the Arabic

tongue; to denounce threats unto those who act unjustly, and to bear good

tidings unto the righteous doers.

     As to those who say, Our LORD is GOD; and who behave uprightly: on them

shall no fear come, neither shall they be grieved.

     These shall be the inhabitants of paradise, they shall remain therein

forever: in recompense for that which they have wrought.

     We have commanded man to show kindness to his parents: his mother beareth

him in her womb with pain, and bringeth him forth with pain: and the space of

his being carried in her womb, and of his weaning, is thirty months; until,

when he attaineth his age of strength, and attaineth the age of forty years,

he saith, O LORD, excite me, by the inspiration, that I may be grateful for

their favors, wherewith thou hast favored me and my parents; and that I may

work righteousness, which may please thee: and be gracious unto me in my

issue; for I am turned unto thee, and am a Moslem.

     These are they from whom we accept the good work which they have wrought,

and whose evil works we pass by; and they shall be among the inhabitants of

paradise: this is a true promise, which they are promised in this world.

     He who saith unto his parents, Fie on you!  Do ye promise me that I shall

be taken forth from the grave, and restored to life; when many generations

have passed away before me, and none of them have returned back?  And his

parents implore GOD'S assistance, and say to their son, Alas for thee!

Believe: for the promise of GOD is true.  But he answereth, This is no other

than silly fables of the ancients.

     These are they whom the sentence passed on the nations which have been

before them, of genii and of men, justly fitteth: they shall surely perish.

     For every one is prepared a certain degree of happiness or misery,

according to that which they shall have wrought: that God may recompense them

for their works: and they shall not be treated unjustly.

20     On a certain day, the unbelievers shall be exposed before the fire of

hell; and it shall be said unto them, Ye received your good things in your

lifetime, while ye were in the world; and ye enjoyed yourselves therein:

wherefore this day ye shall be rewarded with the punishment of ignominy; for

that ye behaved insolently in the earth, without justice, and for that ye

transgressed.

     Remember the brother of Ad, when he preached unto his people in Al

Ahkaf (and there were preachers before him, and after him), saying, Worship

none but GOD: verily I fear for you the punishment of a great day.

     They answered, Art thou come unto us that thou mayest turn us aside from

the worship of our gods?  Bring on us now the punishment with which thou

threatenest us, if thou art a man of veracity.

     He said, Verily the knowledge of the time when your punishment will be

inflicted is with GOD; and I only declare unto you that which I am sent to

preach; but I see ye are an ignorant people.

     And when they saw the preparation made for their punishment, namely, a

cloud traversing the sky, and tending towards their valleys, they said, This

is a traversing cloud, which bringeth us rain.  Hud answered, Nay; it is what

ye demanded to be hastened: a wind, wherein is a severe vengeance:

     it will destroy everything, at the command of its LORD.  And in the

morning nothing was to be seen, besides their empty dwellings.  Thus do we

reward wicked people.

     We had established them in the like flourishing condition wherein we have

established you, O men of Mecca; and we had given them ears, and eyes, and

hearts: yet neither their ears, nor their eyes, nor their hearts profited them

at all, when they rejected the signs of GOD; but the vengeance which they

mocked at fell upon them.

     We heretofore destroyed the cities which were round about you; and we

variously proposed our signs unto them, that they might repent.

     Did those protect them, whom they took for gods, besides GOD, and

imagined to be honoured with his familiarity?  Nay; they withdrew from them:

yet this was their false opinion which seduced them, and the blasphemy which

they had devised.

     Remember when we caused certain of the genii to turn aside unto thee,

that they might hear the Koran: and when they were present at the reading of

the same, they said to one another, Give ear: and when it was ended, they

returned back unto their people, preaching what they had heard.

30     They said, Our people, verily we have heard a book read unto us, which

hath been revealed since Moses, confirming the scripture which was delivered

before it; and directing unto the truth, and the right way.

     Our people, obey GOD'S preacher: and believe in him; that he may forgive

you your sins, and may deliver you from a painful punishment.

     And whoever obeyeth not GOD'S preacher shall by no means frustrate GOD's

vengeance on earth: neither shall he have any protectors besides him.  These

will be in a manifest error.

     Do they not know that GOD, who hath created the heavens and the earth,

and was not fatigued with the creation thereof, is able to raise the dead to

life?  Yea verily; for he is almighty.

     On a certain day the unbelievers shall be exposed unto hell fire; and it

shall be said unto them, Is not this really come to pass?  They shall answer,

Yea, by our LORD.  God shall reply, Taste, therefore, the punishment of hell,

for that ye have been unbelievers.

     Do thou, O prophet, bear the insults of thy people with patience, as our

apostles, who were endued with constancy, bear the injuries of their people:

and require not their punishment to be hastened unto them.  On the day

whereon they shall see the punishment wherewith they have been threatened,

it shall seem as though they had tarried in the world but an hour of a day.

This is a fair warning.  Shall they perish except the people who transgress?







