




CHAPTER LIX.



ENTITLED, THE EMIGRATION; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     WHATEVER is in heaven and earth celebrateth the praise of GOD: and he is

the mighty, the wise.

     It was he who caused those who believed not, of the people who receive

the scripture, to depart from their habitations at the first emigration.  Ye

did not think that they would go forth: and they thought that their fortresses

would protect them against GOD.  But the chastisement of GOD came upon them,

from whence they did not expect; and he cast terror into their hearts.  They

pulled down their houses with their own hands, and the hands of the true

believers.  Wherefore take example from them, O ye who have eyes.

     And if GOD had not doomed them to banishment, he had surely punished them

in this world: and in the world to come they shall suffer the torment of hell

fire.

     This, because they opposed GOD and his apostle: and whoso opposeth GOD,

verily GOD will be severe in punishing him.

     What palm-trees ye cut down, or left standing on their roots, were so cut

down or left by the will of GOD; and that he might disgrace the wicked doers.

     And as to the spoils of these people which GOD hath granted wholly to his

apostle, ye did not push forward any horses or camels against the same; but

GOD giveth unto his apostles dominion over whom he pleaseth: for GOD is

almighty.

     The spoils of the inhabitants of the towns which GOD hath granted to his

apostle are due unto GOD and to the apostle, and to him who is of kin to the

apostle, and the orphans, and the poor, and the traveller; that they may not

be forever divided in a circle among such of you as are rich.  What the

apostle shall give you, that accept; and what he shall forbid you, that

abstain from: and fear GOD; for GOD is severe in chastising.

     A part also belongeth to the poor Mohâjerin, who have been dispossessed

of their houses and their substance, seeking favor from GOD, and his good-

will, and assisting GOD and his apostle.  These are the men of veracity.

     And they who quietly possessed the town of Medina, and professed the

faith without molestation, before them, love him who hath fled unto them, and

find in their breasts no want of that which is given the Mohâjerin, but

prefer them before themselves, although there be indigence among them.  And

whoso is preserved from the covetousness of his own soul, those shall surely

prosper.

10     And they who have come after them say, O LORD, forgive us and our

brethren who have preceded us in the faith, and put not into our hearts ill-

will against those who have believed: O LORD, verily thou art compassionate

and merciful.

     Hast thou not observed them who play the hypocrites?  They say unto their

brethren who believe not, of those who have received the scriptures, Verily

if ye be expelled your habitations, we will surely go forth with you; and we

will not pay obedience, in your respect, unto any one forever: and if ye be

attacked, we will certainly assist you.  But GOD is witness that they are

liars.

     Verily if they be expelled, they will not go forth with them: and if they

be attacked, they will not assist them; and if they do assist them, they will

surely turn their backs: and they shall not be protected.

     Verily ye are stronger than they, by reason of the terror cast into their

breasts from GOD.  This, because they are not people of prudence.

     They will not fight against you in a body, except in fenced towns, or

from behind walls.  Their strength in war among themselves is great: thou

thinkest them to be united; but their hearts are divided.  This, because they

are people who do not understand.

     Like those who lately preceded them, they have tasted the evil

consequence of their deed; and a painful torment is prepared for them

hereafter.

     Thus have the hypocrites deceived the Jews: like the devil, when he saith

unto a man, Be thou an infidel; and when he is become an infidel, he saith,

Verily I am clear of thee; for I fear GOD, the LORD of all creatures.

     Wherefore the end of them both shall be that they shall dwell in hell

fire, abiding therein forever: and this shall be the recompense of the unjust.

     O true believers, fear GOD; and let a soul look what it sendeth before

for the morrow: and fear GOD, for GOD is well acquainted with that which ye

do.

     And be not as those who have forgotten GOD, and whom he hath caused to

forget their own souls: these are the wicked doers.

20     The inhabitants of hell fire and the inhabitants of paradise shall not

be held equal.  The inhabitants of paradise are they who shall enjoy felicity.

     If we had sent down this Koran on a mountain, thou wouldest certainly

have seen the same humble itself, and cleave in sunder for fear of GOD.  These

similitudes do we propose unto men, that they may consider.

     He is GOD, besides whom there is no GOD; who knoweth that which is

future, and that which is present: he is the most Merciful;

     he is GOD, besides whom there is no GOD: the King, the Holy, the Giver of

peace, the Faithful, the Guardian, the Powerful, the Strong, the most High.

Far be GOD exalted above the idols which they associate with him!

     He is GOD, the Creator, the Maker, the Former.  He hath most excellent

names.  Whatever is in heaven and in earth praiseth him: and he is the

Mighty, the Wise.







