




CHAPTER XVII.



ENTITLED, THE NIGHT JOURNEY; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     PRAISE be unto him who transported his servant by night, from the sacred

temple of Mecca to the farther temple of Jerusalem, the circuit of which we

have blessed, that we might show some of our signs; for God is he who heareth,

and seeth.

     And we gave unto Moses the book of the law, and appointed the same to be

a direction unto the children of Israel, commanding them, saying, Beware that

ye take not any other patron besides me.

     O posterity of those whom we carried in the ark with Noah: verily he was

a grateful servant.

     And we expressly declared unto the children of Israel in the book of the

law, saying, Ye will surely commit evil in the earth twice, and ye will be

elated with great insolence.

     And when the punishment threatened for the first of those transgressions

came to be executed, we sent against you our servants, endued with exceeding

strength in war, and they searched the inner apartments of your houses; and

the prediction became accomplished.

     Afterwards we gave you the victory over them, in your turn, and we

granted you increase of wealth and children, and we made you a more numerous

people,

     saying, If ye do well, ye will do well to your own souls; and if ye do

evil, ye will do it unto the same.  And when the punishment threatened for

your latter transgression came to be executed, we sent enemies against you to

afflict you, and to enter the temple, as they entered it the first time, and

utterly to destroy that which they had conquered.

     Peradventure your LORD will have mercy on you hereafter: but if ye return

to transgress a third time, we also will return to chastise you; and we have

appointed hell to be the prison of the unbelievers.

     Verily this Koran directeth unto the way which is most right, and

declareth unto the faithful, who do good works, that they shall receive a great

reward;

10     and that for those who believe not in the life to come, we have prepared

a grievous punishment.

     Man prayeth for evil, as he prayeth for good; for man is hasty.

     We have ordained the night and the day for two signs of our power:

afterwards we blot out the sign of the night, and we cause the sign of the day

to shine forth, that ye may endeavour to obtain plenty from your LORD by doing

your business therein, and that ye may know the number of years, and the

computation of time; and everything necessary have we explained by a

perspicuous explication.

     The fate of every man have we bound about his neck; and we will produce

unto him, on the day of resurrection, a book wherein his actions shall be

recorded: it shall be offered him open,

     and the angels shall say unto him, Read thy book; thine own soul will be

a sufficient accountant against thee, this day.

     He who shall be rightly directed, shall be directed to the advantage only

of his own soul; and he who shall err shall err only against the same: neither

shall any laden soul be charged with the burden of another.  We did not punish

any people, until we had first sent an apostle to warn them.

     And when we resolved to destroy a city, we commanded the inhabitants

thereof, who lived in affluence, to obey our apostle; but they acted corruptly

therein: wherefore the sentence was justly pronounced against that city; and

we destroyed it with an utter destruction.

     And how many generations have we consumed since Noah? for thy LORD

sufficiently knoweth and seeth the sins of his servants.

     Whosoever chooseth this transitory life, we will bestow on him therein

beforehand that which we please; on him, namely, whom we please: afterwards

will we appoint him hell for his abode; he shall be thrown into the same to be

scorched, covered with ignominy, and utterly rejected from mercy.

     But whosoever chooseth the life to come, and directeth his endeavour

towards the same, being also a true believer; the endeavour of these shall be

acceptable unto God.

20     On all will we bestow the blessings of this life, both on these and on

those, of the gift of thy LORD; for the gift of thy LORD shall not be denied

unto any.

     Behold, how we have caused some of them to surpass others in wealth and

dignity: but the next life shall be more considerable in degrees of honour,

and greater in excellence.

     Set not up another god with the true GOD, lest thou sit down in disgrace,

and destitute.

     Thy LORD hath commanded that ye worship none besides him; and that ye

show kindness unto your parents, whether the one of them, or both of them

attain to old age with thee.  Wherefore, say not unto them, Fie on you!

neither reproach them, but speak respectfully unto them

     and submit to behave humbly towards them, out of tender affection and

say, O LORD, have mercy on them both, as they nursed me when I was little.

     Your LORD well knoweth that which is in your souls; whether ye be men of

integrity: and he will be gracious unto those who sincerely return unto him.

     And give unto him who is of kin to you his due, and also unto the poor,

and the traveller.  And waste not thy substance profusely:

     for the profuse are brethren of the devils: and the devil was ungrateful

unto his LORD.

     But if thou turn from them, in expectation of the mercy which thou

hopest from thy LORD; at least, speak kindly unto them.

     And let not thy hand be tied up to thy neck; neither open it with an

unbounded expansion, lest thou become worthy of reprehension, and be reduced

to poverty.

30     Verily thy LORD will enlarge the store of whom he pleaseth, and will be

sparing unto whom he pleaseth; for he knoweth and regardeth his servants.

     Kill not your children for fear of being brought to want; we will provide

for them and for you; verily the killing them is a great sin.

     Draw not near unto fornication; for it is wickedness, and an evil way.

     Neither slay the soul which GOD hath forbidden you to slay, unless for a

just cause; and whosoever shall be slain unjustly, we have given his heir

power to demand satisfaction; but let him not exceed the bounds of moderation

in putting to death the murderer in too cruel a manner, or by revenging his

friend's blood on any other than the person who killed him; since he is

assisted by this law.

     And meddle not with the substance of the orphan, unless it be to improve

it, until he attain his age of strength: and perform your covenant; for the

performance of your covenant shall be inquired into hereafter.

     And give full measure, when you measure aught; and weigh with a just

balance.  This will be better, and more easy for determining every man's due.

     And follow not that whereof thou hast no knowledge; for the hearing, and

the sight, and the heart, every of these shall be examined at the last day.

     Walk not proudly in the land, for thou canst not cleave the earth,

neither shalt thou equal the mountains in stature.

     All this is evil, and abominable in the sight of thy LORD.

     These precepts are a part of the wisdom which they LORD hath revealed

unto thee.  Set not up any other god as equal unto GOD, lest thou be cast into

hell, reproved and rejected.

40     Hath your LORD preferably granted unto you sons, and taken for himself

daughters from among the angels?  Verily in asserting this ye utter a

grievous saying.

     And now have we used various arguments and repetitions in this Koran,

that they may be warned: yet it only rendereth them more disposed to fly from

the truth.

     Say unto the idolaters, If there were other gods with him, as ye say,

they would surely seek an occasion of making some attempt against the

possessor of the throne:

     GOD forbid! and far, very far, be that from him which they utter!

     The seven heavens praise him, and the earth, and all who are therein:

neither is there anything which doth not celebrate his praise; but ye

understand not their celebration thereof: he is gracious and merciful.

     When thou readest the Koran, we place between thee and those who believe

not in the life to come a dark veil;

     and we put coverings over their hearts, lest they should understand it,

and in their ears thickness of hearing.  And when thou makest mention, in

repeating the Koran, of thy LORD only, they turn their backs, flying the doctrine

of his unity.

     We well know with what design they hearken, when they hearken unto thee,

and when they privately discourse together: when the ungodly say, Ye follow no

other than a madman.

     Behold! what epithets they bestow on thee.  But they are deceived;

neither can they find any just occasion to reproach thee.

     They also say, After we shall have become bones and dust, shall we surely

be raised a new creature?

50     Answer, Be ye stones, or iron,

     or some creature more improbable in your opinions to be raised to life.

But they will say, Who shall restore us to life?  Answer, He who created you

the first time: and they will wag their heads at thee, saying, When shall this

be?  Answer, Peradventure it is nigh.

     On that day shall GOD call you forth from your sepulchres, and ye shall

obey, with celebration of his praise; and ye shall think that ye tarried but

a little while.

     Speak unto my servants, that they speak mildly unto the unbelievers, lest

ye exasperate them; for Satan soweth discord among them, and Satan is a

declared enemy unto man.

     your LORD well knoweth you; if he pleaseth, he will have mercy on you,

or, if he pleaseth, he will punish you: and we have not sent thee to be a

steward over them.

     Thy LORD well knoweth all persons in heaven and on earth.  We have

bestowed peculiar favors on some of the prophets, preferably to others; and we

gave unto David the psalms.

     Say, Call upon those whom ye imagine to be gods besides him; yet they

will not be able to free you from harm, or to turn it on others.

     Those whom ye invoke, do themselves desire to be admitted to a near

conjunction with their LORD; striving which of them shall approach nearest

unto him: they also hope for his mercy, and dread his punishment; for the

punishment of thy LORD is terrible.

     There is no city but we will destroy the same before the day of

resurrection, or we will punish it with a grievous punishment.  This is

written in the book of our eternal decrees.

     Nothing hindered us from sending thee with miracles, except that the

former nations have charged them with imposture.  We gave unto the tribe of

Thamud, at their demand, the she-camel visible to their sight: yet they dealt

unjustly with her: and we send not a prophet with miracles, but to strike

terror.

60     Remember when we said unto thee, Verily thy LORD encompasseth men by his

knowledge and power.  We have appointed the vision which we showed thee, and

also the tree cursed in the Koran, only for an occasion of dispute unto men,

and to strike them with terror; but it shall cause them to transgress only the

more enormously.

     And remember when we said unto the angels, Worship Adam; and they all

worshipped him except Eblis, who said, Shall I worship him whom thou hast

created of clay?

     And he said, What thinkest thou, as to this man whom thou hast honoured

above me? verily, if thou grant me respite until the day of resurrection, I

will extirpate his offspring, except a few.

     God answered, Begone, I grant thee respite: but whosoever of them shall

follow thee, hell shall surely be your reward; an ample reward for your

demerits!

     And entice to vanity such of them as thou canst, by thy voice; and

assault them on all sides with thy horsemen and thy footmen; and partake with

them in their riches, and their children; and make them promises; (but the

devil shall make them no other than deceitful promises:)

     as to my servants, thou shalt have no power over them; for thy LORD is a

sufficient protector of those who trust in him.

     It is your LORD who driveth forward the ships for you in the sea, that ye

may seek to enrich yourselves of his abundance by commerce; for he is merciful

towards you.

     When a misfortune befalleth you at sea, the false deities whom ye invoke

are forgotten by you, except him alone: yet when he bringeth you safe to dry

land, ye retire afar off from him, and return to your idols; for man is

ungrateful.

     Are ye therefore secure that he will not cause the dry land to swallow

you up, or that he will not send against you a whirlwind driving the sands to

overwhelm you?  Then shall ye find none to protect you.

     Or are ye secure that he will not cause you again to commit yourselves to

the sea another time, and send against you a tempestuous wind, and drown you;

for that ye have been ungrateful? then shall ye find none to defend you

against us, in that distress.

70     And now have we honoured the children of Adam by sundry peculiar

privileges and endowments; and we have given them conveniences of carriage by

land and by sea, and have provided food for them of good things; and we have

preferred them before many of our creatures which we have created, by granting

them great prerogatives.

     On a certain day we will call all men to judgment with their respective

leader: and whosoever shall have his book given him into his right hand, they

shall read their book with joy and satisfaction; and they shall not be

wronged a hair.

     And whoever hath been blind in this life shall be also blind in the next,

and shall wander more widely from the path of salvation.

     It wanted little but the unbelievers had tempted thee to swerve from the

instructions which we had revealed unto thee, that thou shouldest devise

concerning us a different thing; and then would they have taken thee for

their friend:

     and unless we had confirmed thee, thou hadst certainly been very near

inclining unto them a little.

     Then would we surely have caused thee to taste the punishment of life,

and the punishment of death; and thou shouldest not have found any to protect

thee against us.

     The unbelievers had likewise almost caused thee to depart the land, that

they might have expelled thee thence: but then should they not have tarried

therein after thee, except a little while.

     This is the method of dealing which we have prescribed ourselves in

respect to our apostles, whom we have already sent before thee: and thou shalt

not find any change in our prescribed method.

     Regularly perform thy prayer at the declension of the sun, at the first

darkness of the night, and the prayer of daybreak; for the prayer of

daybreak is borne witness unto by the angels.

     And watch some part of the night in the same exercise, as a work of

supererogation for thee: peradventure thy LORD will raise thee to an

honourable station.

80     And say, O LORD, cause me to enter with a favorable entry, and cause me

to come forth with a favorable coming forth; and grant me from thee an

assisting power.

     And say, Truth is come, and falsehood is vanished: for falsehood is of

short continuance.

     We send down of the Koran that which is a medicine and mercy unto the

true believers; but it shall only increase the perdition of the unjust.

     When we bestow favors on man, he retireth and withdraweth himself

ungratefully from us: but when evil toucheth him, he despaireth of our mercy.

     Say, Every one acteth after his own manner: but your LORD best knoweth

who is most truly directed in his way.

     They will ask thee concerning the spirit: answer, The spirit was created

at the command of my LORD: but ye have no knowledge given unto you, except a

little.

     If we pleased, we should certainly take away that which we have revealed

unto thee; in such case thou couldst not find any to assist thee therein

against us,

     unless through mercy from thy LORD; for his favor towards thee hath been

great.

     Say, Verily if men and genii were purposely assembled, that they might

produce a book like this Koran, they could not produce one like unto it,

although the one of them assisted the other.

     And we have variously propounded unto men in this Koran every kind of

figurative argument; but the greater part of men refuse to receive it, merely

out of infidelity.

90     And they say, We will by no means believe on thee, until thou cause a

spring of water to gush forth for us out of the earth;

     or thou have a garden of palm-trees and vines, and thou cause rivers to

spring forth from the midst thereof in abundance;

     or thou cause the heaven to fall down upon us, as thou hast given out, in

pieces; or thou bring down GOD and the angels to vouch for thee;

     or thou have a house of gold; or thou ascend by a ladder to heaven:

neither will we believe thy ascending thither alone, until thou cause a book

to descend unto us, bearing witness of thee, which we may read.  Answer My

LORD be praised!  Am I other than a man, sent as an apostle?

     And nothing hindereth men from believing, when a direction is come unto

them, except that they say, Hath GOD sent a man for his apostle?

     Answer, If the angels had walked on earth as familiar inhabitants

thereof, we had surely sent down unto them from heaven an angel for our

apostle.

     Say, GOD is a sufficient witness between me and you: for he knoweth and

regardeth his servants.

     Whom GOD shall direct, he shall be the rightly directed; and whom he

shall cause to err, thou shalt find none to assist, besides him.  And we will

gather them together on the day of resurrection, creeping on their faces,

blind, and dumb, and deaf: their abode shall be hell; so often as the fire

thereof shall be extinguished, we will rekindle a burning flame to torment

them.

     This shall be their reward, because they disbelieve in our signs, and

say, When we shall have been reduced to bones and dust, shall we surely be

raised new creatures?

     Do they not perceive that GOD, who created the heavens and the earth, is

able to create other bodies, like their present?  And he hath appointed them a

limited term; there is no doubt thereof: but the ungodly reject the truth,

merely out of unbelief.

100     Say, If ye possessed the treasures of the mercy of my LORD, ye would

surely refrain from using them, for fear of spending them; for man is

covetous.

     We heretofore gave unto Moses the power of working nine evident signs.

And do thou ask the children of Israel, as to the story of Moses; when he

came unto them, and Pharaoh said unto him, Verily I esteemed thee, O Moses, to

be deluded by sorcery.

     Moses answered, Thou well knowest that none hath sent down these evident

signs except the LORD of heaven and earth; and I surely esteem thee, O

Pharaoh, a lost man.

     Wherefore Pharaoh sought to drive them out of the land; but we drowned

him and all those who were with him.

     And we said unto the children of Israel, after his destruction, Dwell ye

in the land: and when the promise of the next life shall come to be fulfilled,

we will bring you both promiscuously to judgment.  We have sent down the Koran

with truth, and it hath descended with truth: and we have not sent thee

otherwise than to be a bearer of good tidings, and a denouncer of threats.

     And we have divided the Koran, revealing it by parcels, that thou

mightest read it unto men with deliberation: and we have sent it down, causing

it to descend as occasion required.

     Say, Whether ye believe therein, or do not believe, verily those who have

been favored with the knowledge of the scriptures which were revealed before

it, when the same is rehearsed unto them, fall down on their faces, worshipping,

     and say, Our LORD be praised, for that the promise of our LORD is surely

fulfilled!

     and they fall down on their faces, weeping; and the hearing thereof

increaseth their humility.

110     Say, call upon GOD, or call on the Merciful: by whichsoever of the two

names ye invoke him, it is equal; for he hath most excellent names.

Pronounce not thy prayer aloud, neither pronounce it with too low a voice,

but follow a middle way between these:

     and say, Praise be unto GOD, who hath not begotten any child; who hath no

partner in the kingdom, nor hath any to protect him from contempt: and magnify

him by proclaiming his greatness.







