




CHAPTER XLVIII.



ENTITLED, THE VICTORY; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     VERILY we have granted thee a manifest victory:

     that GOD may forgive thee thy preceding and thy subsequent sin, and may

complete his favour on thee, and direct thee in the right way;

     and that GOD may assist thee with a glorious assistance.

     It is he who sendeth down secure tranquility into the hearts of the true

believers, that they may increase in faith, beyond their former faith; (the

hosts of heaven and earth are GOD'S; and GOD is knowing and wise)

     that he may lead the true believers of both sexes into gardens beneath

which rivers flow, to dwell therein forever; and may expiate their evil deeds

from them: (this will be great felicity with GOD):

     and that he may punish the hypocritical men, and the hypocritical women,

and the idolaters, and the idolatresses, who conceive an ill opinion of GOD.

They shall experience a turn of evil fortune: and GOD shall be angry with

them, and shall curse them, and hath prepared hell for them; and ill journey

shall it be thither!

     Unto GOD belong the hosts of heaven and earth; and GOD is mighty and

wise.

     Verily we have sent thee to be a witness, and a bearer of good tidings,

and a denouncer of threats;

     that ye may believe in GOD, and his apostle; and may assist him, and

revere him, and praise him morning and evening.

10     Verily they who swear fealty unto thee, swear fealty unto GOD: the hand

of GOD is over their hands.  Whoever shall violate his oath, will violate the

same to the hurt only of his own soul: but whoever shall perform that which he

hath covenanted with GOD, he will surely give him a great reward.

     The Arabs of the desert who were left behind will say unto thee, Our

substance and our families employed us, so that we went not forth with thee to

war; wherefore, ask pardon for us.  They speak that with their tongues, which

is not in their hearts.  Answer, Who shall be able to obtain for you anything

from GOD to the contrary, if he is pleased to afflict you, or is pleased to be

gracious unto you?  Yea, verily, GOD is well acquainted with that which ye do.

     Truly ye imagined that the apostle and the true believers would never

return to their families: and this was prepared in your hearts: but ye

imagined an evil imagination; and ye are a corrupt people.

     Whoso believeth not in GOD and his apostle, verily we have prepared

burning fire for the unbelievers.

     Unto GOD belongeth the kingdom of heaven and earth: he forgiveth whom he

pleaseth: and he punisheth whom he pleaseth: and GOD is inclined to forgive,

and merciful.

     Those who were left behind will say, when ye go forth to take the spoil,

Suffer us to follow you.  They seek to change the word of GOD.  Say, Ye shall

by no means follow us: thus hath GOD said heretofore.  They will reply, Nay:

ye envy us a share of the booty.  But they are men of small understanding.

     Say unto the Arabs of the desert who were left behind, Ye shall be called

forth against a mighty and a warlike nation; ye shall fight against them, or

they shall profess Islâm.  If ye obey, GOD will give you a glorious reward:

but if ye turn back, as ye turned back heretofore, he will chastise you with a

grievous chastisement.

     It shall be no crime in the blind, neither shall it be a crime in the

lame, neither shall it be a crime in the sick, if they go not forth to war:

and whoso shall obey GOD and his apostle, he shall lead them into gardens

beneath which rivers flow; but whoso shall turn back, he will chastise him

with a grievous chastisement.

     Now GOD was well pleased with the true believers, when they sware

fidelity to thee under the tree; and he knew that which was in their hearts;

wherefore he sent down on them tranquility of mind, and rewarded them with a

speedy victory,

     and many spoils which they took: for GOD is mighty and wise.

20     GOD promised you many spoils which ye should take; but he have you these

by way of earnest; and he restrained the hands of men from you: that the same

may be a sign unto the true believers; and that he may guide you into the

right way.

     And he also promiseth you other spoils, which ye have not yet been able

to take: but now hath GOD encompassed them for you; and GOD is almighty.

     If the unbelieving Meccans had fought against you, verily they had turned

their backs; and they would not have found a patron or protector:

     according to the ordinance of GOD, which hath been put in execution

heretofore against opposers of the prophets; for thou shalt not find any

change in the ordinance of GOD.

     It was he who restrained their hands from you, and your hands from them,

in the valley of Mecca; after that he had given you the victory over them:

and GOD saw that which ye did.

     These are they who believed not, and hindered you from visiting the holy

temple, and also hindered the offering being detained, that it should not

arrive at the place where it ought to be sacrificed.  Had it not been that ye

might have trampled on divers true believers, both men and women, whom ye know

not, being promiscuously assembled with the infidels, and that a crime might

therefore have lighted on you on their account, without your knowledge, he had

not restrained your hands from them: but this was done, that GOD might lead

whom he pleased into his mercy.  If they had been distinguished from one

another, we had surely chastised such of them as believed not, with a severe

chastisement.

     When the unbelievers had put in their hearts an affected preciseness, the

preciseness of ignorance, and GOD sent down his tranquility on his apostle and

on the true believers; and firmly fixed in them the word of piety, and they

were the most worthy of the same, and the most deserving thereof: for GOD

knoweth all things.

     Now hath GOD in truth verified unto his apostle the vision, wherein he

said, Ye shall surely enter the holy temple of Mecca, if GOD please, in full

security; having your heads shaved, and your hair cut: ye shall not fear: for

God knoweth that which ye know not; and he hath appointed you, besides this, a

speedy victory.

     It is he who hath sent his apostle with the direction, and the religion

of truth; that he may exalt the same above every religion: and GOD is a

sufficient witness hereof.

     Mohammed is the apostle of GOD: and those who are with him are fierce

against the unbelievers, but compassionate towards one another.  Thou mayest

see them bowing down, prostrate, seeking a recompense from GOD, and his good-

will.  Their signs are in their faces, being marks of frequent prostration.

This is their description in the pentateuch, and their description in the

gospel: they are as seed which putteth forth its stalk and strengtheneth it,

and swelleth in the ear, and riseth upon its stem; giving delight unto the

sower.  Such are the Moslems described to be: that the infidels may swell with

indignation at them.  GOD hath promised unto such of them as believe, and do

good works, pardon and a great reward.







