




CHAPTER V.



ENTITLED, THE TABLE; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     O TRUE believers, perform your contracts.  Ye are allowed to eat the

brute cattle, other than what ye are commanded to abstain from; except the

game which ye are allowed at other times, but not while ye are on pilgrimage

to Mecca; GOD ordaineth that which he pleaseth.

     O true believers, violate not the holy rites of GOD, nor the sacred

month, nor the offering, nor the ornaments hung thereon, nor those who are

travelling to the holy house, seeking favor from their LORD, and to please

him.  But when ye shall have finished your pilgrimage; then hunt.  And let not

the malice of some, in that they hindered you from entering the sacred

temple, provoke you to transgress, by taking revenge on them in the sacred

months.  Assist one another according to justice and piety, but assist not one

another in injustice and malice: therefore fear GOD; for GOD is severe in

punishing.

     Ye are forbidden to eat that which dieth of itself, and blood, and

swine's flesh, and that on which the name of any besides GOD hath been

invocated; and that which hath been strangled, or killed by a blow, or by a

fall, or by the horns of another beast, and that which hath been eaten by a

wild beast, except what ye shall kill yourselves; and that which hath been

sacrificed unto idols.  It is likewise unlawful for you to make division by

casting lots with arrows.  This is an impiety.  On this day, woe be unto

those who have apostatized from their religion; therefore fear not them, but

fear me.  This day have I perfected your religion for you, and have completed

my mercy upon you; and I have chosen for you Islam, to be your religion.  But

whosoever shall be driven by necessity through hunger, to eat of what we

have forbidden, not designing to sin, surely GOD will be indulgent and merciful

unto him.

     They will ask thee what is allowed them as lawful to eat?  Answer, Such

things as are good are allowed you; and what ye shall teach animals of prey

to catch, training them up for hunting after the manner of dogs, and teaching

them according to the skill which GOD hath taught you.  Eat therefore of that

which they shall catch for you; and commemorate the name of GOD thereon; and

fear GOD, for GOD is swift in taking an account.

     This day are ye allowed to eat such things as are good, and the food of

those to whom the scriptures were given is also allowed as lawful unto you;

and your food is allowed as lawful unto them.  And ye are also allowed to

marry free women that are believers, and also free women of those who have

received the scriptures before you, when ye shall have assigned them their

dower; living chastely with them, neither committing fornication, nor taking

them for concubines.  Whoever shall renounce the faith, his work shall be

vain, and in the next life he shall be of those who perish.

     O true believers, when ye prepare yourselves to pray, wash your faces,

and your hands unto the elbows; and rub your heads, and your feet unto the

ankles; and if ye be polluted by having lain with a woman, wash yourselves all

over.  But if ye be sick, or on a journey, or any of you cometh from the

privy, or if ye have touched women, and ye find no water, take fine clean

sand, and rub your faces and your hands therewith; GOD would not put a

difficulty upon you; but he desireth to purify you, and to complete his favor

upon you, that ye may give thanks.

     Remember the favor of GOD towards you, and his covenant which he hath

made with you, when ye said, We have heard, and will obey.  Therefore fear

God, for God knoweth the innermost parts of the breasts of men.

     O true believers, observe justice when ye appear as witnesses before GOD,

and let not hatred towards any induce you to do wrong: but act justly; this

will approach nearer unto piety; and fear GOD, for GOD is fully acquainted

with what ye do.

     GOD hath promised unto those who believe, and do that which is right,

that they shall receive pardon and a great reward.

10     But they who believe not, and accuse our signs of falsehood, they shall

be the companions of hell.

     O true believers, remember GOD's favor towards you, when certain men

designed to stretch forth their hands against you, but he restrained their

hands from hurting you; therefore fear GOD and in GOD let the faithful trust.

     GOD formerly accepted the covenant of the children of Israel, and we

appointed out of them twelve leaders: and GOD said, Verily I am with you: if

ye observe prayer, and give alms, and believe in my apostles, and assist them,

and lend unto GOD on good usury, I will surely expiate your evil deeds from

you, and I will lead you into gardens, wherein rivers flow: but he among you

who disbelieveth after this, erreth from the straight path.

     Wherefore because they have broken their covenant, we have cursed them,

and hardened their hearts; they dislocate the words of the Pentateuch from

their places, and have forgotten part of what they were admonished; and thou

wilt not cease to discover deceitful practices among them, except a few of

them.  But forgive them, and pardon them, for GOD loveth the beneficent.

     And from those who say, We are Christians, we have received their

covenant; but they have forgotten part of what they were admonished; wherefore

we have raised up enmity and hatred among them, till the day of resurrection;

and GOD will then surely declare unto them what they have been doing.

     O ye who have received the scriptures, now is our apostle come unto you,

to make manifest unto you many things which ye concealed in the scriptures;

and to pass over many things.  Now is light and a perspicuous book of

revelations come unto you from God.

     Thereby will GOD direct him who shall follow his good pleasure, into the paths

of peace; and shall lead them out of darkness into light, by his will, and shall

direct them in the right way.

     They are infidels, who say, Verily GOD is Christ the son of Mary.  Say

unto them, And who could obtain anything from GOD to the contrary, if he

pleased to destroy Christ the son of Mary, and his mother, and all those who

are on the earth?  For unto GOD belongeth the kingdom of heaven and earth,

and whatsoever is contained between them; he createth what he pleaseth,

and GOD is almighty.

     The Jews and the Christians say, We are the children of GOD and his

beloved.  Answer, Why therefore doth he punish you for your sins?  Nay, but ye

are men, of those whom he hath created.  He forgiveth whom he pleaseth, and

punisheth whom he pleaseth; and unto GOD belongeth the kingdom of heaven and

earth, and of what is contained between them both; and unto him shall all

things return.

     O ye who have received the scriptures, now is our apostle come unto you,

declaring unto you the true religion, during the cessation of apostles, lest

ye should say, There came unto us no bearer of good tidings, nor any warner:

but now is a bearer of good tidings, and a warner come unto you; for GOD is

almighty.

20     Call to mind when Moses said unto his people, O my people, remember the

favor of GOD towards you, since he hath appointed prophets among you, and

constituted you kings, and bestowed on you what he hath given to no other

nation in the world.

     O my people, enter the holy land, which GOD hath decreed you, and turn

not your backs, lest ye be subverted and perish.

     They answered, O Moses, verily there are a gigantic people in the land;

and we will by no means enter it, until they depart thence; but if they depart

thence, then will we enter therein.

     And two men of those who feared GOD, unto whom GOD had been gracious,

said, Enter ye upon them suddenly by the gate of the city;  and when ye shall

have entered the same, ye shall surely be victorious: therefore trust in GOD,

if ye are true believers.

     They replied, O Moses, we will never enter the land, while they remain

therein: go therefore thou, and thy LORD, and fight; for we will sit here.

     Moses said, O LORD, surely I am not master of any except myself, and my

brother; therefore make a distinction between us and the ungodly people.

     GOD answered, Verily the land shall be forbidden them forty years; during

which time they shall wander like men astonished on the earth; therefore be

not thou solicitous for the ungodly people.

     Relate unto them also the history of the two sons of Adam, with truth.

When they offered their offering, and it was accepted from one of them, and

was not accepted from the other, Cain said to his brother, I will certainly

kill thee.  Abel answered, GOD only accepteth the offering of the pious;

     if thou stretchest forth thy hand against me, to slay me, I will not

stretch forth my hand against thee, to slay thee; for I fear GOD, the LORD of

all creatures.

     I choose that thou shouldest bear my iniquity and thine own iniquity; and

that thou become a companion of hell fire; for that is the reward of the

unjust.

30     But his soul suffered him to slay his brother, and he slew him;

wherefore he became of the number of those who perish.

     And GOD sent a raven, which scratched the earth, to show him how he

should hide the shame of his brother, and he said, Woe is me! am I unable to

be like this raven, that I may hide my brother's shame? and he became one of

those who repent.

     Wherefore we commanded the children of Israel, that he who slayeth a

soul, without having slain a soul, or committed wickedness in the earth, shall

be as if he had slain all mankind: but he who saveth a soul alive, shall be as if

he had saved the lives of all mankind.  Our apostles formerly came unto them,

with evident miracles; then were many of them after this, transgressors on

the earth.

     But the recompense of those who fight against GOD and his apostle, and

study to act corruptly in the earth, shall be, that they shall be slain, or

crucified, or have their hands and their feet cut off on the opposite sides,

or be banished the land.  This shall be their disgrace in this world, and in

the  next world they shall suffer a grievous punishment;

     except those who shall repent, before ye prevail against them; for know

that GOD is inclined to forgive, and merciful.

     O true believers, fear GOD, and earnestly desire a near conjunction with

him, and fight for his religion, that ye may be happy.

     Moreover they who believe not, although they had whatever is in the

earth, and as much more withal, that they might therewith redeem themselves

from punishment on the day of resurrection; it shall not be accepted from

them, but they shall suffer a painful punishment.

     They shall desire to go forth from the fire, but they shall not go forth

from it, and their punishment shall be permanent.

     If a man or a woman steal, cut off their hands, in retribution for that

which they have committed; this is an exemplary punishment appointed by GOD;

and GOD is mighty and wise.

     But whoever shall repent after his iniquity, and amend, verily GOD will

be turned unto him, for GOD is inclined to forgive, and merciful.

40     Dost thou not know that the kingdom of heaven and earth is GOD'S?  He

punisheth whom he pleaseth, and he pardoneth whom he pleaseth; for GOD is

almighty.

     O apostle, let not them grieve thee, who hasten to infidelity, either of

those who say, We believe, with their mouths, but whose hearts believe not;

or of the Jews, who hearken to a lie, and hearken to other people; who come

unto thee: they pervert the words of the law from their true places, and say,

If this be brought unto you, receive it; but if it be not brought unto you,

beware of receiving aught else; and in behalf of him whom GOD shall resolve

to seduce, thou shalt not prevail with GOD at all.  They whose hearts GOD

shall not please to cleanse shall suffer shame in this world, and a grievous

punishment in the next:

     who hearken to a lie, and eat that which is forbidden.  But if they come

unto thee for judgment, either judge between them, or leave them; and if thou

leave them, they shall not hurt thee at all.  But if thou undertake to judge,

judge between them with equity; for GOD loveth those who observe justice.

     And how will they submit to thy decision, since they have the law,

containing the judgment of GOD? Then will they turn their backs, after this;

but those are not true believers.

     We have surely sent down the law, containing direction, and light:

thereby did the prophets, who professed the true religion, judge those who

judaized; and the doctors and priests also judged by the book of GOD, which

had been committed to their custody; and they were witnesses thereof.

Therefore fear not men, but fear me; neither sell my signs for a small price.

And whoso judgeth not according to what GOD hath revealed, they are infidels.

     We have therein commanded them, that they should give life for life, and

eye for eye, and nose for nose, and ear for ear, and tooth for tooth; and that

wounds should also be punished by retaliation: but whoever should remit it as

alms, it should be accepted as an atonement for him.  And whoso judgeth not

according to what GOD hath revealed, they are unjust.

     We also caused Jesus the son of Mary to follow the footsteps of the

prophets, confirming the law which was sent down before him; and we gave him

the gospel, containing direction and light; confirming also the law which was

given before it, and a direction and admonition unto those who fear God:

     that they who have received the gospel might judge according to what GOD

hath revealed therein: and whoso judgeth not according to what GOD hath

revealed, they are transgressors.

     We have also sent down unto thee the book of the Koran with truth,

confirming that scripture which was revealed before it; and preserving the

same safe from corruption.  Judge therefore between them according to that

which GOD hath revealed; and follow not their desires, by swerving from the

truth which hath come unto thee.  Unto every of you have we given a law, and

an open path; and if GOD had pleased, he had surely made you one people; but

he hath thought fit to give you different laws, that he might try you in that

which he hath given you respectively.  Therefore strive to excel each other

in good works: unto GOD shall ye all return, and then will he declare unto you

that concerning which ye have disagreed.

     Wherefore do thou, O prophet, judge between them according to that which

GOD hath revealed, and follow not their desires; but beware of them, lest they

cause thee to err from part of those precepts which GOD hath sent down unto

thee; and if they turn back, know that GOD is pleased to punish them for some

of their crimes; for a great number of men are transgressors.

50     Do they therefore desire the judgment of the time of ignorance? but who

is better than GOD, to judge between people who reason aright?

     O true believers, take not the Jews or Christians for your friends; they

are friends the one to the other; but whoso among you taketh them for his

friends, he is surely one of them: verily GOD directeth not unjust people.

     Thou shalt see those in whose hearts there is an infirmity, to hasten

unto them, saying, We fear lest some adversity befall us; but it is easy for

GOD to give victory, or a command from him, that they may repent of that

which they concealed in their minds.

     And they who believe will say, Are these the men who have sworn by GOD,

with a most firm oath, that they surely held with you? their works are become

vain, and they are of those who perish.

     O true believers, whoever of you apostatizeth from his religion, GOD will

certainly bring other people to supply his place, whom he will love, and who

will love him; who shall be humble towards the believers; but severe to the

unbelievers: they shall fight for the religion of GOD, and shall not fear the

obloquy of the detractor.  This is the bounty of GOD, he bestoweth it on whom

he pleaseth: GOD is extensive and wise.

     Verily your protector is GOD, and his apostle, and those who believe,

who observe the stated times of prayer, and give alms, and who bow down to

worship.

     And whoso taketh GOD, and his apostle, and the believers for his friends,

they are the party of GOD, and they shall be victorious.

     O true believers, take not such of those to whom the scriptures were

delivered before you, or of the infidels, for your friends, who make a

laughing-stock, and a jest of your religion; but fear GOD, if ye be true

believers;

     nor those who when ye call to prayer, make a laughing-stock and a jest of

it; this they do, because they are people who do not understand.

     Say, O ye who have received the scriptures, do ye reject us for any other

reason than because we believe in GOD, and that revelation which hath been

sent down unto us, and that which was formerly sent down, and for that the

greater part of you are transgressors?

60     Say, Shall I denounce unto you a worse thing than this, as to the reward

which ye are to expect with GOD?  He whom GOD hath cursed, and with whom he

hath been angry, having changed some of them into apes and swine, and who

worship Taghut, they are in the worse condition, and err more widely from the

straightness of the path.

     When they came unto you, they said, We believe: yet they entered into

your company with infidelity, and went forth from you with the same; but GOD

well knew what they concealed.

     Thou shalt see many of them hastening unto iniquity and malice, and to

eat things forbidden; and woe unto them for what they have done.

     Unless their doctors and priests forbid them uttering wickedness, and

eating things forbidden; woe unto them for what they shall have committed.

     The Jews say, The hand of GOD is tied up.  Their hands shall be tied

up, and they shall be cursed for that which they have said.  Nay his hands

are both stretched forth; he bestoweth as he pleaseth: that which hath been

sent down unto thee from thy LORD shall increase the transgression and

infidelity of many of them; and we have put enmity and hatred between them,

until the day of resurrection.  So often as they shall kindle a fire for war

GOD shall extinguish it; and they shall set their minds to act corruptly in

the earth, but GOD loveth not the corrupt doers.

     Moreover if they who have received the scriptures believe, and fear God,

we will surely expiate their sins from them, and we will lead them into

gardens of pleasure;

     and if they observe the law, and the gospel, and the other scriptures which

have been sent down unto them from their LORD, they shall surely eat of good

things both from above them, and from under their feet.  Among them there

are people who act uprightly; but how evil is that which many of them do work!

     O apostle, publish the whole of that which hath been sent down unto thee

from thy LORD: for if thou do not, thou dost not in effect publish any part

thereof; and GOD will defend thee against wicked men; for GOD directeth not

the unbelieving people.

     Say, O ye who have received the scriptures, ye are not grounded on

anything, until ye observe the law and the gospel and that which hath been

sent down unto you from your LORD.  That which hath been sent down unto thee

from thy LORD will surely increase the transgression and infidelity of many of

them: but be not thou solicitous for the unbelieving people.

     Verily they who believe, and those who Judaize, and the Sabians, and the

Christians, whoever of them believeth in GOD and the last day, and doth that

which is right, there shall come no fear on them, neither shall they be

grieved.

70     We formerly accepted the covenant of the children of Israel, and sent

apostles unto them.  So often as an apostle came unto them with that which

their souls desired not, they accused some of them of imposture, and some of

them they killed:

     and they imagined that there should be no punishment for those crimes,

and they became blind, and deaf.  Then was GOD turned unto them; afterwards

many of them again became blind and deaf; but GOD saw what they did.

     They are surely infidels, who say, Verily GOD is Christ the son of Mary;

since Christ said, O children of Israel, serve GOD, my LORD and your LORD;

whoever shall give a companion unto GOD, GOD shall exclude him from paradise,

and his habitation shall be hell fire; and the ungodly shall have none to help

them.

     They are certainly infidels, who say, GOD is the third of three: for

there is no GOD, besides one GOD; and if they refrain not from what they say,

a painful torment shall surely be inflicted on such of them as are

unbelievers.

     Will they not therefore be turned unto GOD, and ask pardon of him? since

GOD is gracious and merciful.

     Christ the son of Mary is no more than an apostle; other apostles have

preceded him; and his mother was a woman of veracity: they both ate food.

Behold, how we declare unto them the signs of GOD's unity; and then behold how

they turn aside from the truth.

     Say unto them, Will ye worship, besides GOD, that which can cause you

neither harm nor profit?  GOD is he who heareth and seeth.

     Say, O ye who have received the scriptures, exceed not the just bounds in

your religion, by speaking beside the truth; neither follow the desires of

people who have heretofore erred, and who have seduced many, and have gone

astray from the straight path.

     Those among the children of Israel who believe not were cursed by the

tongue of David, and of Jesus the son of Mary.  This befell them because they

were rebellious and transgressed:

     they forbade not one another the wickedness which they committed; and woe

unto them for what they committed.

80     Thou shalt see many of them take for their friends those who believe not.

Woe unto them for what their souls have sent before them, for that GOD is

incensed against them, and they shall remain in torment forever.

     But, if they had believed in GOD, and the prophet, and that which hath

been revealed unto him, they had not taken them for their friends; but many of

them are evil-doers.

     Thou shalt surely find the most violent of all men in enmity against the

true believers to be the Jews, and the idolaters: and thou shalt surely find

those among them to be the most inclinable to entertain friendship for the

true believers, who say, We are Christians.  This cometh to pass, because

there are priests and monks among them; and because they are not elated with

pride:

     And when they hear that which hath been sent down to the apostle read

unto them, thou shalt see their eyes overflow with tears, because of the truth

which they perceive therein, saying, O LORD, we believe; write us down

therefore with those who bear witness to the truth,

     and what should hinder us from believing in GOD, and the truth which hath

come unto us, and from earnestly desiring that our LORD would introduce us

into paradise with the righteous people?

     Therefore hath GOD rewarded them, for what they have said, with gardens

through which rivers flow; they shall continue therein forever; and this is

the reward of the righteous.

     But they who believe not, and accuse our signs of falsehood, they shall be

the companions of hell.

     O true believers, forbid not the good things which GOD hath allowed you;

but transgress not, for GOD loveth not the transgressors.

     And eat of what GOD hath given you for food that which is lawful and

good: and fear GOD, in whom ye believe.

     GOD will not punish you for an inconsiderate word in your oaths; but he

will punish you for what ye solemnly swear with deliberation.  And the

expiation of such an oath shall be the feeding of ten poor men with such

moderate food as ye feed your own families withal; or to clothe them; or to

free the neck of a true believer from captivity: but he who shall not find

wherewith to perform one of these three things shall fast three days.  This

is the expiation of your oaths, when ye swear inadvertently.  Therefore keep

your oaths.  Thus GOD declareth unto you his signs, that ye may give thanks.

90     O true believers, surely wine, and lots, and images, and divining

arrows, are an abomination of the work of Satan; therefore avoid them that ye

may prosper.

     Satan seeketh to sow dissension and hatred among you, by means of wine

and lots, and to divert you from remembering GOD, and from prayer: will ye not

therefore abstain from them?

     Obey GOD, and obey the apostle, and take heed to yourselves: but if ye turn

back, know that the duty of our apostle is only to preach publicly.

     In those who believe and do good works, it is no sin that they have

tasted wine or gaming before they were forbidden; if they fear God, and

believe, and do good works, and shall for the future fear God, and believe,

and shall persevere to fear him, and to do good; for GOD loveth those who do

good.

     O true believers, GOD will surely prove you in offering you plenty of

game, which ye may take with your hands or your lances, that GOD may know who

feareth him in secret; but whoever transgresseth after this shall suffer a

grievous punishment.

     O true believers, kill no game while ye are on pilgrimage; whosoever

among you shall kill any designedly shall restore the like of what he shall

have killed, in domestic animals, according to the determination of two just

persons among you, to be brought as an offering to the Caaba; or in atonement

thereof shall feed the poor; or instead thereof shall fast, that he may taste

the heinousness of his deed.  GOD hath forgiven what is past, but whoever

returneth to transgress, GOD will take vengeance on him; for GOD is mighty and

able to avenge.

     It is lawful for you to fish in the sea, and to eat what ye shall catch,

as a provision for you and for those who travel; but it is unlawful for you to

hunt by land, while ye are performing the rights of pilgrimage; therefore

fear GOD, before whom ye shall be assembled at the last day.

     GOD hath appointed the Caaba, the holy house, an establishment for

mankind; and hath ordained the sacred month, and the offering, and the

ornaments hung thereon.q  This hath he done that ye might know that GOD

knoweth whatsoever is in heaven and on earth, and that GOD is omniscient.

     Know that GOD is severe in punishing, and that GOD is also ready to forgive,

and merciful.

     The duty of our apostle is to preach only; and GOD knoweth that which ye

discover, and that which ye conceal.

100     Say, Evil and good shall not be equally esteemed of, though the

abundance of evil pleaseth thee; therefore fear GOD, O ye of understanding,

that ye may be happy.

     O true believers, inquire not concerning things, which, if they be

declared unto you, may give you pain; but if ye ask concerning them when the

Koran is sent down, they will be declared unto you: GOD pardoneth you as to

these matters; for GOD is ready to forgive, and gracious.

     People who have been before you formerly inquired concerning them; and

afterwards disbelieved therein.

     God hath not ordained anything concerning Bahira, nor Saiba, nor Wasila,

nor Hami, but the unbelievers have invented a lie against GOD: and the

greater part of them do not understand.

     And when it was said unto them, Come unto that which GOD hath revealed,

and to the apostle; they answered, That religion which we found our fathers to

follow is sufficient for us.  What, though their fathers knew nothing and were

not rightly directed?

     O true believers, take care of your souls!  He who erreth shall not hurt

you, while ye are rightly directed: unto GOD shall ye all return, and he will

tell you that which ye have done.

     O true believers, let witnesses be taken between you, when death

approaches any of you, at the time of making the testament; let there be two

witnesses, just men, from among you; or two others of a different tribe or

faith from yourselves, if ye be journeying in the earth, and the accident of

death befall you.  Ye shall shut them both up, after the afternoon prayer,

and they shall swear by GOD, if ye doubt them, and they shall say, We will not

sell our evidence for a bribe, although the person concerned be one who is

related to us, neither will we conceal the testimony of GOD, for then should

we certainly be of the number of the wicked.

     But if it appear that both have been guilty of iniquity, two others shall

stand up in their place, of those who have convicted them of falsehood, the

two nearest in blood, and they shall swear by GOD, saying, Verily our

testimony is more true than the testimony of these two, neither have we

prevaricated; for then should we become of the number of the unjust.

     This will be easier, that men may give testimony according to the plain

intention thereof, or fear lest a different oath be given, after their oath.

Therefore fear GOD, and hearken; for GOD directeth not the unjust people.

     On a certain day shall GOD assemble the apostles, and shall say unto

them, What answer was returned you, when ye preached unto the people to

whom ye were sent?  They shall answer, We have no knowledge, but thou art

the knower of secrets.

110     When GOD shall say, O Jesus son of Mary, remember my favor towards

thee, and towards thy mother; when I strengthened thee with the holy spirit, that

thou shouldest speak unto men in the cradle, and when thou wast grown up; and

when I taught thee the scripture, and wisdom and the law, and the gospel: and

when thou didst create of clay as it were the figure of a bird, by my permission,

and didst breathe thereon, and it became a bird, by my permission, and thou didst

heal one blind from his birth, and the leper, by my permission; and when thou didst

bring forth the dead from their graves by my permission; and when I withheld the

children of Israel from killing thee, when thou hadst come unto them with evident

miracles, and such of them as believed not said, This is nothing but manifest

sorcery.

     And when I commanded the apostles of Jesus saying, Believe in me, and in

my messenger; they answered, We do believe; and do thou bear witness that we

are resigned unto thee.

     Remember when the apostles said, O Jesus son of Mary, is thy LORD able to

cause a table to descend unto us from heaven?  He answered, Fear GOD, if ye

be true believers.

     They said, We desire to eat thereof, and that our hearts may rest at

ease, and that we may know that thou hast told us the truth, and that we may

be witnesses thereof.

     Jesus the son of Mary said, O GOD our LORD, cause a table to descend unto

us from heaven, that the day of its descent may become a festival day unto

us, unto the first of us, and unto the last of us, and a sign from thee; and

do thou provide food for us, for thou art the best provider.

     GOD said, Verily I will cause it to descend unto you; but whoever among

you shall disbelieve hereafter, I will surely punish him with a punishment,

wherewith I will not punish any other creature.

     And when GOD shall say unto Jesus, at the last day, O Jesus son of Mary,

hast thou said unto men, Take me and my mother for two gods, beside GOD?  He

shall answer, Praise be unto thee! it is not for me to say that which I ought

not; if I had said so, thou wouldest surely have known it: thou knowest what

is in me, but I know not what is in thee; for thou art the knower of secrets.

     I have not spoken to them any other than what thou didst command me;

namely, Worship GOD, my LORD and your LORD: and I was a witness of their

actions while I staid among them; but since thou hast taken me to thyself,

thou hast been the watcher over them; for thou art witness of all things.

     If thou punish them, they are surely thy servants; and if thou forgive

them, thou art mighty and wise.

     GOD will say, This day shall their veracity be of advantage unto those

who speak truth; they shall have gardens wherein rivers flow, they shall

remain therein forever: GOD hath been well pleased in them, and they have been

well pleased in him.  This shall be great felicity.

120     Unto GOD belongeth the kingdom of heaven and of earth, and of whatever

therein is; and he is almighty.







