




CHAPTER XXXI.



ENTITLED, LOKMAN; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     A.L.M.

     THESE are the signs of the wise book,

     a direction, and a mercy unto the righteous;

     who observe the appointed times of prayer, and give alms, and have firm

assurance in the life to come:

     these are directed by their LORD, and they shall prosper.

     There is a man who purchaseth a ludicrous story, that he may seduce men

from the way of GOD, without knowledge, and may laugh the same to scorn: these

shall suffer a shameful punishment.

     And when our signs are rehearsed unto him, he disdainfully turneth his

back as though he heard them not, as though there were a deafness in his ears:

wherefore denounce unto him a grievous punishment.

     But they who shall believe and work righteousness, shall enjoy gardens of

pleasure:

     they shall continue therein forever: this is the certain promise of GOD;

and he is the mighty, the wise.

10     He hath created the heavens without visible pillars to sustain them, and

thrown on the earth mountains firmly rooted, lest it should move with you;

and he hath replenished the same with all kinds of beasts; and we send down

rain from heaven, and cause every kind of noble vegetable to spring forth

therein.

     This is the creation of GOD: show me now what they have created, who are

worshipped besides him? verily the ungodly are in a manifest error.

     We heretofore bestowed wisdom on Lokmân, and commanded him, saying, Be

thou thankful unto GOD: for whoever is thankful, shall be thankful to the

advantage of his own soul; and if any shall be unthankful, verily GOD is self-

sufficient, and worthy to be praised.

     And remember when Lokmân said unto his son, as he admonished him, Oh my

son, give not a partner unto GOD; for polytheism is a great impiety.

     We have commanded man concerning his parents, (his mother carrieth him

in her womb with weakness and faintness, and he is weaned in two years),

saying, Be grateful unto me, and to thy parents.  Unto me shall all come to be

judged.

     But if thy parents endeavour to prevail on thee to associate with me that

concerning which thou hast no knowledge, obey them not: bear them company in

this world in what shall be reasonable; but follow the way of him who

sincerely turneth unto me.  Hereafter unto me shall ye return, and then will

I declare unto you that which ye have done.

     Oh my son, verily every matter, whether good or bad, though it be of the

weight of a grain of mustard-seed, and be hidden in a rock, or in the heavens,

or in the earth, GOD will bring the same to light; for GOD is clear-sighted

and knowing.

     Oh my son, be constant at prayer, and command that which is just, and

forbid that which is evil: and be patient under the afflictions which shall

befall thee; for this is a duty absolutely incumbent on all men.

     Distort not thy face out of contempt to men, neither walk in the earth

with insolence; for GOD loveth no arrogant, vain-glorious person.

     And be moderate in thy pace; and lower thy voice; for the most ungrateful

of all voices surely is the voice of asses.

20     Do ye not see that GOD hath subjected whatever is in heaven and on earth

to your service, and hath abundantly poured on you his favors, both outwardly

and inwardly?  There are some who dispute concerning GOD without knowledge,

and without a direction, and without an enlightening book.

     And when it is said unto them, Follow that which GOD hath revealed, they

answer, Nay, we will follow that which we found our fathers to practise.

What, though the devil invite them to the torment of hell?

     Whosoever resigneth himself unto GOD, being a worker of righteousness,

taketh hold on a strong handle; and unto GOD belongeth the issue of all

things.

     But whoever shall be an unbeliever, let not his unbelief grieve thee:

unto us shall they return; then will we declare unto them that which they have

done, for GOD knoweth the innermost parts of the breasts of men.

     We will suffer them to enjoy this world for a little while: afterwards we

will drive them to a severe punishment.

     If thou ask them who hath created the heavens and the earth, they will

surely answer, GOD.  Say, GOD be praised! but the greater part of them do not

understand.

     Unto GOD belongeth whatever is in heaven and earth: for GOD is the self-

sufficient, the praiseworthy.

     If whatever trees are in the earth were pens, and he should after that

swell the sea into seven seas of ink, the words of GOD would not be

exhausted; for GOD is mighty and wise.

     Your creation and your resuscitation are but as the creation and

resuscitation of one soul: verily GOD both heareth and seeth.

     Dost thou not see that GOD causeth the night to succeed the day, and

causeth the day to succeed the night, and compelleth the sun and the moon to

serve you?  Each of those luminaries hasteneth in its course to a determined

period: and GOD is well acquainted with that which ye do.

30     This is declared concerning the divine knowledge and power, for that GOD

is the true Being, and for that whatever ye invoke, besides him is vanity; and

for that GOD is the high, the great God.

     Dost thou not see that the ships run in the sea, through the favor of

GOD, that he may show you of his signs?  Verily herein are signs unto every

patient, grateful person.

     When waves cover them, like overshadowing clouds, they call upon GOD,

exhibiting the pure religion unto him; but when he bringeth them safe to land,

there is of them who halteth between the true faith and idolatry.  Howbeit,

none rejecteth our signs, except every perfidious, ungrateful person.

     O men, fear your LORD, and dread the day whereon a father shall not make

satisfaction for his father at all: the promise of GOD is assuredly true.  Let

not this present life, therefore, deceive you; neither let the deceiver deceive

you concerning GOD.

     Verily the knowledge of the hour of judgment is with GOD; and he causeth

the rain to descend at his own appointed time; and he knoweth what is in the

wombs of females.  No soul knoweth what it shall gain on the morrow; neither

doth any soul know in what land it shall die; but GOD is knowing and fully

acquainted with all things.







