




CHAPTER XXVIII.



ENTITLED, THE STORY; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     T.S.M.

     THESE are the signs of the perspicuous book.

     We will dictate unto thee, O Mohammed, some parts of the history of Moses

and Pharaoh, with truth; for the sake of people who believe.

     Now Pharaoh lifted himself up in the land of Egypt; and he caused his

subjects to be divided into parties; he weakened one party of them, by

slaying their male children, and preserving their females alive; for he was an

oppressor.

     And we were minded to be gracious unto those who were weakened in the

land, and to make them models of religion; and to make them the heirs of the

wealth of Pharaoh and his people,

     and to establish a place for them in the earth; and to show Pharaoh and

Haman, and their forces, that destruction of their kingdom and nation by

them, which they sought to avoid.

     And we directed the mother of Moses by revelation, saying, give him suck:

and if thou fearest for him, cast him into the river; and fear not, neither be

afflicted; for we will restore him unto thee, and will appoint him one of our

apostles.

     And when she had put the child in the ark, and had cast it into the

river, the family of Pharaoh took him up; providence designing that he should

become an enemy, and a sorrow unto them.  Verily Pharaoh and Haman, and their

forces were sinners.

     And the wife of Pharaoh said, This child is a delight of the eye to me,

and to thee: kill him not; peradventure it may happen that he may be

serviceable unto us; or we may adopt him for our son.  And they perceived not

the consequence of what they were doing.

10     And the heart of the mother of Moses became oppressed with fear; and she

had almost discovered him, had we not armed her heart with constancy, that she

might be one of those who believe the promises of God.

     And she said unto his sister, Follow him.  And she watched him at a

distance; and they perceived it not.

     And we suffered him not to take the breasts of the nurses who were

provided before his sister came up; and she said, Shall I direct you unto

some of his nation, who may nurse him for you, and will be careful of him?

     And, at their desire, she brought his mother to them.  So we restored him

to his mother, that her mind might be set at ease, and that she might not be

afflicted; and that she might know that the promise of GOD was true: but the

greater part of mankind know not the truth.

     And when Moses had attained his age of full strength, and was become a

perfect man, we bestowed on him wisdom and knowledge: and thus do we reward

the upright.

     And he went into the city, at a time when the inhabitants thereof

observed not what passed in the streets: and he found therein two men

fighting; the one being of his own party, and the other of  his enemies.  And

he who was of his party begged his assistance against him who was of the

contrary party; and Moses struck him with his fist, and slew him: but being

sorry for what had happened, he said, This is of the work of the devil; for

he is a seducing and an open enemy.

     And he said, O LORD, verily I have injured my own soul: wherefore forgive

me.  So God forgave him; for he is ready to forgive, and merciful.

     He said, O LORD, by the favors with which thou hast favored me, I will

not be an assistant to the wicked for the future.

     And the next morning he was afraid in the city, and looked about him, as

one apprehensive of danger: and behold, he whom he had assisted the day before

cried out unto him for help a second time.  But Moses said unto him, Thou art

plainly a quarrelsome fellow.

     And when he sought to lay hold on him who was an enemy unto them both, he

said, O Moses, dost thou intend to kill me, as thou killedst a man yesterday?

Thou seekest only to be an oppressor in the earth, and seekest not to be a

reconciler of quarrels.

20     And a certain man came from the farther part of the city, running

hastily, and said, O Moses, verily the magistrates are deliberating concerning

thee, to put thee to death: depart therefore; I certainly advise thee well.

     Wherefore he departed out of the city in great fear, looking this way

and that, lest he should be pursued.  And he said, O LORD, deliver me from the

unjust people.

     And when he was journeying towards Madian, he said, Peradventure my LORD

will direct me in the right way.

     And when he arrived at the water of Madian, he found about the well a

company of men, who were watering their flocks.

     And he found, besides them, two women, who kept off their sheep at a

distance.  And he said unto them, What is the matter with you?  They answered,

We shall not water our flock, until the shepherds shall have driven away

theirs; for our father is an old man, stricken in years.

     So Moses watered their sheep for them; and afterwards retired to the

shade, saying, O LORD, verily I stand in need of the good which thou shalt

send down unto me.

     And one of the damsels came unto him, walking bashfully, and said, My

father calleth thee, that he may recompense thee for the trouble which thou

hast taken in watering our sheep for us.  And when he was come unto Shoaib,

and had told him the story of his adventures, he said unto him, Fear not: thou

hast escaped from unjust people.

     And one of the damsels said, My father, hire him for certain wages: the

best servant thou canst hire is an able and trusty person.

     And Shoaib said unto Moses, Verily I will give thee one of these my two

daughters in marriage, on condition that thou serve me for hire eight years;

and if thou fulfil ten years, it is in thine own breast; for I seek not to

impose a hardship on thee: and thou shalt find me, if GOD please, a man of

probity.

     Moses answered, Let this be the covenant between me and thee: whichsoever

of the two terms I shall fulfil let it be no crime in me if I then quit thy

service; and GOD is witness of that which we say.

     And when Moses had fulfilled the term, and was journeying with his

family towards Egypt, he saw fire on the side of Mount Sinai.  And he said

unto his family, Tarry ye here; for I see fire: peradventure I may bring you

thence some tidings of the way, or at least a brand out of the fire, that ye

may be warmed.

30     And when he was come thereto, a voice cried unto him from the right side

of the valley, in the sacred bottom, from the tree, saying, O Moses, verily I

am GOD, the LORD of all creatures:

     cast down now thy rod.  And when he saw it that it moved, as though it

had been a serpent, he retreated and fled, and returned not.  And God said

unto him, O Moses, draw near, and fear not; for thou art safe.

     Put thy hand into thy bosom, and it shall come forth white, without any

hurt: and draw back thy hand unto thee which thou stretchest forth for fear.

These shall be two evident signs from thy LORD, unto Pharaoh and his princes;

for they are a wicked people.

     Moses said, O LORD, verily I have slain one of them; and I fear they will

put me to death:

     but my brother Aaron is of a more eloquent tongue than I am; wherefore

send him with me for an assistant, that he may gain me credit; for I fear lest

they accuse me of imposture.

     God said, We will strengthen thine arm by thy brother, and we will give

each of you extraordinary power, so that they shall not come up to you, in our

signs.  Ye two, and whoever shall follow you, shall be the conquerors.

     And when Moses came unto them with our evident signs, they said, This is

no other than a deceitful piece of sorcery: neither have we heard of anything

like this among our forefathers.

     And Moses said, My LORD best knoweth who cometh with a direction from

him; and who shall have success in this life, as well as the next: but the

unjust shall not prosper.

     And Pharaoh said, O princes, I did not know that ye had any other god

besides me.  Wherefore do thou, O Haman, burn me clay into bricks; and build

me a high tower, that I may ascend unto the GOD of Moses: for I verily

believe him to be a liar.

     And both he and his forces behaved themselves insolently and unjustly in

the earth; and imagined that they should not be brought before us to be

judged.

40     Wherefore we took him and his forces, and cast them into the sea.

Behold, therefore, what was the end of the unjust.

     And we made them deceitful guides, inviting their followers to hell fire;

and on the day of resurrection they shall not be screened from punishment.

     We pursued them with a curse in this life; and on the day of resurrection

they shall be shamefully rejected.

     And we gave the book of the law unto Moses, after he had destroyed the

former generations, to enlighten the minds of men, and for a direction, and a

mercy; that peradventure they might consider.

     Thou, O prophet, wast not on the west side of Mount Sinai, when we

delivered Moses his commission: neither wast thou one of those who were

present at his receiving it:

     but we raised up several generations after Moses; and life was prolonged

unto them.  Neither didst thou dwell among the inhabitants of Madian,

rehearsing unto them our signs; but we have sent thee fully instructed in

every particular.

     Nor wast thou present on the side of the mount, when we called unto

Moses; but thou art sent as a mercy from thy LORD; that thou mightest preach

unto a people to whom no preacher hath come before thee, that peradventure

they may be warned;

     and lest, if a calamity had befallen them, for that which their hands had

previously committed, they should have said, O LORD, since thou hast not sent

an apostle unto us, that we might follow thy signs, and become true believers,

are we not excusable?

     Yet when the truth is come unto them from before us, they say, Unless he

receive the same power to work miracles as Moses received, we will not

believe.  Have they not likewise rejected the revelation which was heretofore

given unto Moses?  They say, Two cunning impostures have mutually assisted

one another: and they say, Verily we reject them both.

     Say, Produce therefore a book from GOD, which is more right than these

two, that I may follow it; if ye speak truth.

50     But if they return thee no answer, know that they only follow their own

desires: and who erreth more widely from the truth than he who followeth his

own desire, without a direction from GOD?  Verily GOD directeth not the unjust

people.

     And now have we caused our word to come unto them, that they may be

admonished.

     They unto whom we have given the scriptures which were revealed before

it, believe in the same;

     and when it is read unto them, say, We believe therein; it is certainly

the truth from our LORD: verily we were Moslems before this.

     These shall receive their reward twice, because they have persevered,

and repel evil by good, and distribute alms out of that which we have bestowed

on them;

     and when they hear vain discourse, avoid the same, saying, We have our

works, and ye have your works; peace be on you; we covet not the acquaintance

of the ignorant.

     Verily thou canst not direct whom thou wilt: but GOD directeth whom he

pleaseth; and he best knoweth those who will submit to be directed.

     The Meccans say, If we follow the same direction with thee, we shall be

forcibly expelled our land.  Have we not established for them a secure

asylum, to which fruits of every sort are brought, as a provision for our

bounty? but the greater part of them do not understand.

     How many cities have we destroyed, whose inhabitants lived in ease and

plenty? and these their dwellings are not inhabited after them, unless for a

little while; and we were the inheritors of their wealth.

     But thy LORD did not destroy those cities, until he had sent unto their

capital an apostle, to rehearse our signs unto them: neither did we destroy

those cities, unless their inhabitants were injurious to their apostle.

60     The things which are given you are the provisions of this present life,

and the pomp thereof; but that which is with GOD is better and more durable:

will ye not therefore understand?

     Shall he then, unto whom we have promised an excellent promise of future

happiness, and who shall attain the same, be as he on whom we have bestowed

the provision of this present life, and who, on the day of resurrection, shall

be one of those who are delivered up to eternal punishment?

     On that day God shall call unto them, and shall say, Where are my

partners, which ye imagined to be so?

     And they upon whom the sentence of damnation shall be justly pronounced

shall answer, These, O LORD, are those whom we seduced: but now we clearly

quit them, and turn unto thee.  They did not worship us, but their own lusts.

     And it shall be said unto the idolaters, Call now upon those whom ye

associated with God: and they shall call upon them, but they shall not answer

them; and they shall see the punishment prepared for them, and shall wish that

they had submitted to be directed.

     On that day, God shall call unto them, and shall say, What answer did ye

return to our messengers?

     But they shall not be able to give an account thereof on that day;

neither shall they ask one another for information.

     Howbeit whoso shall repent and believe, and shall do that which is right,

may expect to be happy.

     Thy LORD createth what he pleaseth; and chooseth freely: but they have no

free choice.  Praise be unto GOD; and far be he removed from the idols which

they associate with him!

     Thy LORD knoweth both the secret malice which their breasts conceal, and

the open hatred which they discover.

70     He is GOD; there is no GOD but he.  Unto him is the praise due, both in

this life and in that which is to come: unto him doth judgment belong; and

before him shall ye be assembled at the last day.

     Say, What think ye?  If GOD should cover you with perpetual night, until

the day of resurrection; what god, besides GOD, would bring you light?  Will

ye not therefore hearken?

     Say, What think ye?  If GOD should give you continual day, until the day

of resurrection; what god, besides GOD, would bring you night, that ye might

rest therein?  Will ye not therefore consider?

     Of his mercy he hath made for you the night and the day, that ye may rest

in the one, and may seek to obtain provision for yourselves of his abundance,

by your industry, in the other; and that ye may give thanks.

     On a certain day God shall call unto them, and shall say, Where are my

partners, which ye imagined to share the divine power with me?

     And we will produce a witness out of every nation, and will say, Bring

hither your proof of what ye have asserted.  And they shall know that the

right is GOD'S alone; and the deities which they have devised shall abandon

them.

     Karun was of the people of Moses; but he behaved insolently towards

them: for we had given him so much treasure, that his keys would have loaded

several strong men.  When his people said unto him, Rejoice not immoderately;

for GOD loveth not those who rejoice in their riches immoderately:

     but seek to attain by means of the wealth which GOD hath given thee, the

future mansion of paradise.  And forget not thy portion in this world; but be

thou bounteous unto others, as GOD hath been bounteous unto thee; and seek not

to act corruptly in the earth; for GOD loveth not the corrupt doers.

     He answered, I have received these riches, only because of the knowledge

which is with me.  Did he not know that GOD had already destroyed, before

him, several generations, who were mightier than he in strength, and had

amassed more abundance of riches?  And the wicked shall not be asked to

discover their crimes.

     And Karun went forth unto his people, in his pomp.  And they who loved

this present life said, Oh that we had the like wealth, as hath been given

unto Karun? verily he is master of a great fortune.

80     But those on whom knowledge had been bestowed answered, Alas for you!

the reward of GOD in the next life will be better unto him who shall believe

and do good works; but none shall attain the same, except those who persevere

with constancy.

     And we caused the ground to cleave in sunder, and to swallow up him and

his palace: and he had no forces to defend him, besides GOD; neither was he

rescued from punishment.

     And the next morning, those who had coveted his condition the day before

said, Aha! verily GOD bestoweth abundant provision on such of his servants as

he pleaseth; and he is sparing unto whom he pleaseth.  Unless GOD had been

gracious unto us, certainly the earth had swallowed us up also.  Aha! the

unbelievers shall not prosper.

     As to this future mansion of paradise, we will give it unto them who seek

not to exalt themselves in the earth, or to do wrong; for the happy issue

shall attend the pious.

     Whoso doth good shall receive a reward which shall exceed the merit

thereof: but as to him who doth evil, they who work evil shall be rewarded

according to the merit only of that which they shall have wrought.

     Verily he who hath given thee the Koran for a rule of faith and practice

will certainly bring thee back home unto Mecca.  Say, My LORD best knoweth

who cometh with a true direction, and who is in a manifest error.

     Thou didst not expect that the book of the Koran should be delivered unto

thee: but thou hast received it through the mercy of thy LORD.  Be not

therefore assisting to the unbelievers;

     neither let them turn thee aside from the signs of GOD, after they have

been sent down unto thee: and invite men unto thy LORD.  And be not thou an

idolater;

     neither invoke any other god, together with the true GOD: there is no god

but he.  Everything shall perish, except himself: unto him belongeth judgment:

and before him shall ye be assembled at the last day.







