




CHAPTER LX.



ENTITLED, SHE WHO IS TRIED; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     O TRUE believers, take not my enemy and your enemy for your friends,

showing kindness towards them; since they believe not in the truth which hath

come unto you, having expelled the apostle and yourselves from your native

city, because ye believe in GOD, your LORD.  If ye go forth to fight in

defence of my religion, and out of a desire to please me, and privately show

friendship unto them; verily I well know that which ye conceal, and that

which ye discover: and whoever of you doth this, hath already erred from the

straight path.

     If they get the better of you, they will be enemies unto you, and they

will stretch forth their hands and their tongues against you with evil: and

they earnestly desire that ye should become unbelievers.

     Neither your kindred nor your children will avail you at all on the day

of resurrection, which will separate you from one another: and GOD seeth that

which ye do.

     Ye have an excellent pattern in Abraham, and those who were with him,

when they said unto their people, Verily we are clear of you, and of the idols

which ye worship, besides GOD: we have renounced you; and enmity and hatred is

begun between us and you forever, until ye believe in GOD alone: except

Abraham's saying unto his father, Verily I will beg pardon for thee: but I

cannot obtain aught of GOD in thy behalf.  O LORD, in thee do we trust, and

unto thee are we turned; and before thee shall we be assembled hereafter.

     O LORD, suffer us not to be put to trial by the unbelievers: and forgive

us, O LORD; for thou art mighty and wise.

     Verily ye have in them an excellent example, unto him who hopeth in GOD

and the last day: and whoso turneth back; verily GOD is self-sufficient, and

praiseworthy.

     Peradventure GOD will establish friendship between yourselves and such of

them as ye now hold for enemies: for GOD is powerful; and GOD is inclined to

forgive, and merciful.

     As to those who have not borne arms against you on account of religion,

nor turned you out of your dwellings, GOD forbiddeth you not to deal kindly

with them, and to behave justly towards them: for GOD loveth those who act

justly.

     But as to those who have borne arms against you on account of religion,

and have dispossessed you of your habitations, and have assisted in

dispossessing you, GOD forbiddeth you to enter into friendship with them: and

whosoever of you entereth into friendship with them, those are unjust doers.

10     O true believers, when believing women come unto you as refugees, try

them: GOD well knoweth their faith.  And if ye know them to be true believers,

send them not back to the infidels: they are not lawful for the unbelievers to

have in marriage; neither are the unbelievers lawful for them.  But give their

unbelieving husbands what they shall have expended for their dowers.  Nor

shall it be any crime in you if ye marry them, provided ye give them their

dowries.  And retain not the patronage of the unbelieving women: but demand

back that which ye have expended for the dowry of such of your wives as go

over to the unbelievers; and let them demand back that which they have

expended for the dowry of those who come over to you.  This is the judgment of

GOD, which he establisheth among you: and GOD is knowing and wise.

     If any of your wives escape from you to the unbelievers, and ye have

your turn by the coming over of any of the unbelievers' wives to you; give

unto those believers whose wives shall have gone away, out of the dowries of

the latter, so much as they shall have expended for the dowers of the former:

and fear GOD, in whom ye believe.

     O prophet, when believing women come unto thee, and plight their faith

unto thee, that they will not associate anything with GOD, nor steal, nor

commit fornication, nor kill their children, nor come with a calumny which

they have forged between their hands and their feet, nor be disobedient to

thee in that which shall be reasonable: then do thou plight thy faith unto

them, and ask pardon for them of GOD; for GOD is inclined to forgive, and

merciful.

     O true believers, enter not into friendship with a people against whom

GOD is incensed; they despair of the life to come, as the infidels despair

of the resurrection of those who dwell in the graves.







