




CHAPTER LXI.



ENTITLED, BATTLE-ARRAY; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     WHATEVER is in heaven and in earth celebrateth the praise of GOD; for he

is mighty and wise.

     O true believers, why do ye say that which ye do not?

     It is most odious in the sight of GOD, that ye say that which ye do not.

     Verily GOD loveth those who fight for his religion in battle-array, as

though they were a well-compacted building.

     Remember when Moses said unto his people, O my people, why do ye injure

me; since ye know that I am the apostle of GOD sent unto you?  And when they

had deviated from the truth, GOD made their hearts to deviate from the right

way; for GOD directeth not wicked people.

     And when Jesus the Son of Mary said, O children of Israel, verily I am

the apostle of GOD sent unto you, confirming the law which was delivered

before me, and bringing good tidings of an apostle who shall come after me,

and whose name shall be Ahmed.  And when he produced unto them evident

miracles, they said, This is manifest sorcery.

     But who is more unjust than he who forgeth a lie against GOD, when he is

invited unto Islam?  And GOD directeth not the unjust people.

     They seek to extinguish GOD'S light with their mouths: but GOD will

perfect his light, though the infidels be averse thereto.

     It is he who hath sent his apostle with the direction, and the religion

of truth, that he may exalt the same above every religion, although the

idolaters be averse thereto.

10     O true believers, shall I show you a merchandise which will deliver you

from a painful torment hereafter?

     Believe in GOD and his apostle; and defend GOD'S true religion with your

substance, and in your own persons.  This will be better for you, if ye knew

it.

     He will forgive you your sins, and will introduce you into gardens

through which rivers flow, and agreeable habitations in gardens of perpetual

abode.  This will be great felicity.

     And ye shall obtain other things which ye desire, namely, assistance from

GOD, and a speedy victory.  And do thou bear good tidings to the true

believers.

     O true believers, be ye assistants of GOD; as Jesus the son of Mary said

to the apostles, Who will be my assistants with respect to GOD?  The apostles

answered, We will be the assistants of GOD.  So a part of the children of

Israel believed, and a part believed not: but we strengthened those who

believed, above their enemy; wherefore they became victorious over them.







