




CHAPTER LXV.



ENTITLED, DIVORCE; REVEALED AT MEDINA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     O PROPHET, when ye divorce women, put them away at their appointed term;

and compute the term exactly: and fear GOD, your LORD.  Oblige them not to go

out of their apartments, neither let them go out, until the term be expired,

unless they be guilty of manifest uncleanness.  These are the statutes of GOD:

and whoever transgresseth the statutes of GOD assuredly injureth his own soul.

Thou knowest not whether GOD will bring something new to pass, which may

reconcile them after this.

     And when they shall have fulfilled their term, either retain them with

kindness, or part from them honourably: and take witnesses from among you,

men of integrity; and give your testimony as in the presence of GOD.  This

admonition is given unto him who believeth in GOD and the last day: and whoso

feareth GOD, unto him will he grant a happy issue out of all his afflictions,

     and he will bestow on him an ample provision from whence he expecteth it

not: and whoso trusteth in GOD, he will be his sufficient support; for GOD

will surely attain his purpose.  Now hath GOD appointed unto everything a

determined period.

     As to such of your wives as shall despair having their courses, by reason

of their age; if ye be in doubt thereof, let their term be three months: and

let the same be the term of those who have not yet had their courses.  But as

to those who are pregnant, their term shall be, until they be delivered of

their burden.  And whoso feareth GOD, unto him will he make his command easy.

     This is the command of GOD, which he hath sent down unto you.  And whoso

feareth GOD, he will expiate his evil deeds from him, and will increase his

reward.

     Suffer the women whom ye divorce to dwell in some part of the houses

wherein ye dwell; according to the room and conveniences of the habitations

which ye possess: and make them not uneasy, that ye may reduce them to

straits.  And if they be with child, expend on them what shall be needful,

until they be delivered of their burden.  And if they suckle their children

for you, give them their hire; and consult among yourselves, according to

what shall be just and reasonable.  And if ye be put to a difficulty herein,

and another woman shall suckle the child for him,

     let him who hath plenty expend proportionably in the maintenance of the

mother and the nurse, out of his plenty: and let him whose income is scanty

expend in proportion out of that which GOD hath given him.  GOD obligeth no

man to more than he hath given him ability to perform: GOD will cause ease to

succeed hardship.

     How many cities have turned aside from the command of the LORD and his

apostles!  Wherefore we brought them to a severe account; and we chastised

them with a grievous chastisement:

     and they tasted the evil consequence of their business; and the end of

their business was perdition.

10     GOD hath prepared for them a severe punishment: wherefore fear GOD,

O ye who are endued with understanding.  True believers, now hath GOD sent

down unto you an admonition,

     an apostle who may rehearse unto you the perspicuous signs of GOD; that

he may bring forth those who believe and do good works, from darkness into

light.  And whoso believeth in GOD, and doth that which is right, him will he lead

into gardens beneath which rivers flow, to remain therein forever: now hath

GOD made an excellent provision for him.

     It is GOD who hath created seven heavens, and as many different stories

of the earth: the divine command descendeth between them; that ye may know

that GOD is omnipotent, and that GOD comprehendeth all things by his

knowledge.







