




CHAPTER XXIII.



ENTITLED, THE TRUE BELIEVERS; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     NOW are the true believers happy:

     who humble themselves in their prayer,

     and who eschew all vain discourse,

     and who are doers of alms-deeds;

     and who keep themselves from carnal knowledge of any women

     except their wives, or the captives which their right hands possess (for

as to them they shall be blameless:

     but whosoever coveteth any woman beyond these, they are transgressors):

     and who acquit themselves faithfully of their trust, and justly perform

their covenant;

     and who observe their appointed times of prayer:

10     these shall be the heirs,

     who shall inherit paradise; they shall continue therein forever.

     We formerly created man in a finer sort of clay;

     afterwards we placed him in the form of seed in a sure receptacle:

     afterwards we made the seed coagulated blood; and we formed the

coagulated blood into a piece of flesh: then we formed the piece of flesh into

bones: and we clothed those bones with flesh: then we produced the same by

another creation.  Wherefore blessed be GOD, the most excellent Creator!

     After this shall ye die:

     and afterwards shall ye be restored to life, on the day of resurrection.

     And we have created over you seven heavens: and we are not negligent of

what we have created.

     And we send down rain from heaven, by measure; and we cause it to remain

on the earth: we are also certainly able to deprive you of the same.

     And we cause gardens of palm-trees, and vineyards, to spring forth for

you by means thereof; wherein ye have many fruits, and whereof ye eat.

20     And we also raise for you a tree springing from Mount Sinai; which

produceth oil, and a sauce for those who eat.

     Ye have likewise an instruction in the cattle; we give you to drink of

the milk which is in their bellies, and ye receive many advantages from them;

and of them do ye eat:

     and on them, and on ships, are ye carried.

     We sent Noah heretofore unto his people, and he said, O my people, serve

GOD: ye have no GOD besides him; will ye therefore not fear the consequence

of your worshipping other gods?

     And the chiefs of his people, who believed not, said, This is no other

than a man, as ye are: he seeketh to raise himself to a superiority over you.

If GOD had pleased to have sent a messenger unto you, he would surely have

sent angels: we have not heard this of our fore-fathers.

     Verily he is no other than a man disturbed with frenzy: wherefore wait

concerning him for a time.

     Noah said, O LORD, do thou protect me; for that they accuse me of

falsehood.

     And we revealed our orders unto him, saying, Make the ark in our sight;

and according to our revelation.  And when our decree cometh to be executed,

and the oven shall boil and pour forth water, carry into it of every species of

animals one pair; and also thy family, except such of them on whom a previous

sentence of destruction hath passed: and speak not unto me in behalf of those

who have been unjust; for they shall be drowned.

     And when thou and they who shall be with thee shall go up into the ark,

say Praise be unto GOD, who hath delivered us from the ungodly people!

     And say, O LORD, cause me to come down from this ark with a blessed

descent; for thou art the best able to bring me down from the same with

safety.

30     Verily herein were signs of our omnipotence; and we proved mankind

thereby.

     Afterwards we raised up another generation after them;

     and we sent unto them an apostle from among them, who said, Worship GOD:

ye have no GOD besides him; will ye therefore not fear his vengeance?

     And the chiefs of his people, who believed not, and who denied the

meeting of the life to come, and on whom we had bestowed affluence in this

present life, said, This is no other than a man, as ye are; he eateth of that

whereof ye eat, and he drinketh of that whereof ye drink:

     and if ye obey a man like unto yourselves, ye will surely be sufferers.

     Doth he threaten you that after ye shall be dead, and shall become dust

and bones, ye shall be brought forth alive from your graves?

     Away, away with that ye are threatened with!

     There is no other life besides our present life: we die, and we live; and

we shall not be raised again.

     This is no other than a man, who deviseth a lie concerning GOD: but we

will not believe him.

     Their apostle said, O LORD, defend me; for that they have accused me of

imposture.

40     God answered, After a little while they shall surely repent their

obstinacy.

     Wherefore a severe punishment was justly inflicted on them, and we

rendered them like the refuse which is carried down by a stream.  Away

therefore with the ungodly people!

     Afterwards we raised up other generations after them.

     No nation shall be punished before their determined time; neither shall

they be respited after.

     Afterwards we sent our apostles, one after another.  So often as their

apostle came unto any nation, they charged him with imposture: and we caused

them successively to follow one another to destruction; and we made them only

subjects of traditional stories.  Away therefore with the unbelieving nations!

     Afterwards we sent Moses, and Aaron his brother, with our signs and

manifest power,

     unto Pharaoh and his princes: but they proudly refused to believe on him;

for they were a haughty people.

     And they said, Shall we believe on two men like unto ourselves; whose

people are our servants?

     And they accused them of imposture: wherefore they became of the number

of those who were destroyed.

     And we heretofore gave the book of the law unto Moses, that the children

of Israel might be directed thereby.

50     And we appointed the son of Mary, and his mother, for a sign: and we

prepared an abode for them in an elevated part of the earth, being a place of

quiet and security, and watered with running springs.

     O apostles, eat of those things which are good; and work righteousness:

for I well know that which ye do.

     This your religion is one religion; and I am your LORD: wherefore fear

me.

     But men have rent the affair of their religion into various sects: every

party rejoiceth in that which they follow.

     Wherefore leave them in their confusion, until a certain time.

     Do they think that we hasten unto them the wealth and children which we

have abundantly bestowed on them,

     for their good?  But they do not understand.

     Verily they who stand in awe, for fear of their LORD,

     and who believe in the signs of their LORD,

     and who attribute not companions unto their LORD;

60     and who give that which they give in alms, their hearts being struck with

dread, for that they must return unto their LORD:

     these hasten unto good, and are foremost to obtain the same.

     We will not impose any difficulty on a soul, except according to its

ability; with us is a book, which speaketh the truth; and they shall not be

injured.

     But their hearts are drowned in negligence, as to this matter: and they have

works different from those we have mentioned; which they will continue to do,

     until when we chastise such of them as enjoy an affluence of fortune, by

a severe punishment, behold, they cry aloud for help:

     but it shall be answered them, Cry not for help to-day: for ye shall not

be assisted by us.

     My signs were read unto you, but ye turned back on your heels:

     proudly elating yourselves because of your possessing the holy temple;

discoursing together by night, and talking foolishly.

     Do they not therefore attentively consider that which is spoken unto

them; whether a revelation is come unto them which came not unto their fore--

fathers?

     Or do they not know their apostle; and therefore reject him?

70     Or do they say, He is a madman?  Nay, he hath come unto them with the

truth; but the greater part of them detest the truth.

     If the truth had followed their desires, verily the heavens and the

earth, and whoever therein is, had been corrupted.  But we have brought them

their admonition; and they turn aside from their admonition.

     Dost thou ask of them any maintenance for thy preaching? since the

maintenance of thy LORD is better; for he is the most bounteous provider.

     Thou certainly invitest them to the right way:

     and they who believe not in the life to come, do surely deviate from that

way.

     If we had had compassion on them, and taken off from them the calamity

which had befallen them, they would surely have more obstinately persisted in

their error, wandering in confusion.

     We formerly chastised them with a punishment: yet they did not humble

themselves before their LORD, neither did they make supplications unto him;

     until, when we have opened upon them a door, from which a severe

punishment hath issued, behold they are driven to despair thereat.

     It is God who hath created in you the senses of hearing and of sight,

that ye may perceive our judgments, and hearts, that ye may seriously consider

them: yet how few of you give thanks!

     It is he who hath produced you in the earth; and before him shall ye be

assembled.

80     It is he who giveth life, and putteth to death; and to him is to be

attributed the vicissitude of night and day: do ye not therefore understand?

     But the unbelieving Meccans say as their predecessors said:

     they say, When we shall be dead, and shall have become dust and bones,

shall we really be raised to life?

     We have already been threatened with this, and our fathers also

heretofore: this is nothing but fables of the ancients.

     Say, Whose is the earth, and whoever therein is, if ye know?

     They will answer, GOD'S.  Say, Will ye not therefore consider?

     Say, Who is the LORD of the seven heavens, and the LORD of the

magnificent throne?

     They will answer, They are GOD'S.  Say, Will ye not therefore fear him?

     Say, In whose hand is the kingdom of all things; who protecteth whom he

pleaseth, but is himself protected of none; if ye know?

     They will answer, In GOD'S.  Say, How therefore are ye bewitched?

90     Yea, we have brought them the truth; and they are certainly liars in

denying the same.

     GOD hath not begotten issue; neither is there any other god with him:

otherwise every god had surely taken away that which he had created; and some

of them had exalted themselves above the others.  Far be that from GOD, which

they affirm of him!

     He knoweth that which is concealed, and that which is made public:

wherefore far be it from him to have those sharers in his honour which they

attribute to him!

     Say, O LORD, If thou wilt surely cause me to see the vengeance with which

they have been threatened;

     O LORD, set me not among the ungodly people:

     for we are surely able to make thee see that with which we have

threatened them.

     Turn aside evil with that which is better: we well know the calumnies

which they utter against thee.

     And say, O LORD I fly unto thee for refuge, against the suggestions of

the devils

     and I have recourse unto thee, O LORD, to drive them away, that they be

not present with me.

     The gainsaying of the unbelievers ceaseth not until, when death

overtaketh any of them, he saith, O LORD, suffer me to return to life,

100     that I may do that which is right; in professing the true faith which

I have neglected.  By no means.  Verily these are the words which ye shall

speak: but behind them there shall be a bar, until the day of resurrection.

     When therefore the trumpet shall be sounded, there shall be no relation

between them which shall be regarded on that day; neither shall they ask

assistance of each other.

     They whose balances shall be heavy with good works shall be happy; but

they whose balances shall be light are those who shall lose their souls, and

shall remain in hell for ever.

     The fire shall scorch their faces, and they shall writhe their mouths

therein for anguish:

     and it shall be said unto them, Were not my signs rehearsed unto you; and

did ye not charge them with falsehood?

     They shall answer, O LORD, our unhappiness prevailed over us, and we were

people who sent astray.

     O LORD, take us forth from this fire: if we return to our former

wickedness, we shall surely be unjust.

     God will say unto them, Be ye driven away with ignominy thereinto: and

speak not unto me to deliver you.

     Verily there were a party of my servants, who said, O LORD, we believe:

wherefore forgive us, and be merciful unto us; for thou art the best of those

who show mercy.

110     But ye received them with scoffs, so that they suffered you to forget

my admonition, and ye laughed them to scorn.

     I have this day rewarded them, for that they suffered the injuries ye

offered them with patience: verily they enjoy great felicity.

     God will say, What number of years have ye continued on earth?

     They will answer, We have continued there a day, or part of a day: but

ask those who keep account.

     God will say, Ye have tarried but a while, if ye knew it.

     Did ye think that we had created you in sport, and that ye should not be

brought again before us?

     Wherefore let GOD be exalted, the King, the Truth!  There is no GOD besides

him, the LORD of the honourable throne.

     Whoever together with the true GOD shall invoke another god, concerning

whom he hath no demonstrative proof, shall surely be brought to an account

for the same before his LORD.  Verily the infidels shall not prosper.

     Say, O LORD, pardon, and show mercy; for thou art the best of those who

show mercy.







