




CHAPTER XIV.



ENTITLED, ABRAHAM; REVEALED AT MECCA.



IN THE NAME OF THE MOST MERCIFUL GOD.



     A.L.R.  This book have we sent down unto thee, that thou mayest lead men

forth from darkness into light, by the permission of their LORD, into the

glorious and laudable way.

     GOD is he unto whom belongeth whatsoever is in heaven and on earth: and

woe be to the infidels, because a grievous punishment waiteth them;

     who love the present life above that which is to come, and turn men aside

from the way of GOD, and seek to render it crooked: these are in an error far

distant from the truth.

     We have sent no apostle but with the language of his people, that he

might declare their duty plainly unto them; for GOD causeth to err whom he

pleaseth, and directeth whom he pleaseth; and he is the mighty, the wise.

     We formerly sent Moses with our signs, and commanded him saying, Lead

forth thy people from darkness into light, and remind them of the favors of

GOD: verily therein are signs unto every patient and grateful person.

     And call to mind when Moses said unto his people, Remember the favor of

GOD towards you, when he delivered you from the people of Pharaoh: they

grievously oppressed you; and they slew your male children, but let your

females live: therein was a great trial from your LORD.

     And when your LORD declared by the mouth of Moses, saying, If ye be

thankful, I will surely increase my favors towards you; but if ye be

ungrateful, verily my punishment shall be severe.

     And Moses said, If ye be ungrateful, and all who are in the earth

likewise; verily GOD needeth not your thanks, though he deserveth the

highest praise.

     Hath not the history of the nations your predecessors reached you;

namely, of the people of Noah, and of Ad, and of Thamud, and of those who

succeeded them; whose number none knoweth except GOD?  Their apostles

came unto them with evident miracles; but they clapped their hands to their

mouths out of indignation, and said, We do not believe the message with

which ye pretend to be sent; and we are in a doubt concerning the religion

to which ye invite us, as justly to be suspected.

10     Their apostles answered, Is there any doubt concerning GOD, the creator

of heaven and earth?  He inviteth you to the true faith that he may forgive

you part of your sins, and may respite your punishment, by granting you space

to repent, until an appointed time.  They answered, Ye are but men, like unto

us: ye seek to turn us aside from the gods which our fathers worshipped:

wherefore bring us an evident demonstration by some miracle, that ye speak

truth.

     Their apostles replied unto them, We are no other than men like unto you;

but GOD is bountiful unto such of his servants as he pleaseth: and it is not

in our power to give you a miraculous demonstration of our mission, unless by

the permission of GOD; in GOD therefore let the faithful trust.

     And what excuse have we to allege, that we should not put our trust in

GOD; since he hath directed us our paths?  Wherefore we will certainly suffer

with patience the persecution wherewith ye shall afflict us: in GOD therefore

let those put their confidence who seek in whom to put their trust.

     And those who believed not said unto their apostles, We will surely expel

you out of our land; or ye shall return unto our religion.  And their LORD

spake unto them by revelation, saying, We will surely destroy the wicked

doers;

     and we will cause you to dwell in the earth, after them.  This shall be

granted unto him who shall dread the appearance at my tribunal, and shall fear

my threatening.

     And they asked assistance of God, and every rebellious perverse person

failed of success.

     Hell lieth unseen before him, and he shall have filthy water given him

to drink:

     he shall sup it up by little and little, and he shall not easily let it

pass his throat because of its nauseousness; death also shall come upon him

from every quarter, yet he shall not die; and before him shall there stand

prepared a grievous torment.

     This is the likeness of those who believe not in their LORD.  Their works

are as ashes, which the wind violently scattereth in a stormy day: they shall

not be able to obtain any solid advantage from that which they have wrought.

This is an error most distant from truth.

     Dost thou not see that GOD hath created the heavens and the earth in

wisdom?  If he please, he can destroy you, and produce a new creature in your

stead:

20     neither will this be difficult with GOD.

     And they shall all come forth into the presence of GOD at the last day:

and the weak among them shall say unto those who behaved themselves

arrogantly, Verily we were your followers on earth; will ye not therefore

avert from us some part of the divine vengeance?  They shall answer, If

GOD had directed us aright, we had certainly directed you.  It is equal unto

us whether we bear our torments impatiently, or whether we endure them

with patience: for we have no way to escape.

     And Satan shall say, after judgment shall have been given, Verily GOD

promised you a promise of truth: and I also made you a promise; but I deceived

you.  Yet I had not any power over you to compel you; but I called you only, and

ye answered me: wherefore accuse not me, but accuse yourselves.  I cannot

assist you; neither can ye assist me.  Verily I do now renounce your having

associated me with God heretofore.  A grievous punishment is prepared for

the unjust.

     But they who shall have believed and wrought righteousness shall be

introduced into gardens, wherein rivers flow, they shall remain therein

forever, by the permission of their LORD; and their salutation therein shall

be, Peace!

     Dost thou not see how GOD putteth forth a parable; representing a good

word, as a good tree, whose root is firmly fixed in the earth, and whose

branches reach unto heaven;

     which bringeth forth its fruit in all seasons, by the will of its LORD?

GOD propoundeth parables unto men, that they may be instructed.

     And the likeness of an evil word is as an evil tree; which is torn up

from the face of the earth, and hath no stability.

     GOD shall confirm them who believe, by the steadfast word of faith, both

in this life and in that which is to come: but GOD shall lead the wicked into

error; for GOD doth that which he pleaseth.

     Hast thou not considered those who have changed the grace of GOD to

infidelity, and cause their people to descend into the house of perdition,

     namely, into hell?  They shall be thrown to burn therein; and an unhappy

dwelling shall it be.

30     They also set up idols as co-partners with GOD, that they might cause men

to stray from his path.  Say, unto them, Enjoy the pleasures of this life for

a time; but your departure hence shall be into hell fire.

     Speak unto my servants who have believed, that they be assiduous at

prayer, and give alms out of that which we have bestowed on them, both

privately and in public; before the day cometh, wherein there shall be no

buying nor selling, neither any friendship.

     It is GOD who hath created the heavens and the earth; and causeth water

to descend from heaven, and by means thereof produceth fruits for your

sustenance: and by his command he obligeth the ships to sail in the sea for

your service; and he also forceth the rivers to supply your uses:

     he likewise compelleth the sun and the moon, which diligently perform

their courses, to serve you; and hath subjected the day and the night to

your service.

     He giveth you of everything which ye ask him; and if ye attempt to reckon

up the favors of GOD, ye shall not be able to compute the same.  Surely man

is unjust and ungrateful.

     Remember when Abraham said, O LORD, make this land a place of security;

and grant that I and my children may avoid the worship of idols;

     for they, O LORD, have seduced a great number of men.  Whoever therefore

shall follow me, he shall be of me; and whosoever shall disobey me, verily

thou wilt be gracious and merciful.

     O LORD, I have caused some of my offspring to settle in an unfruitful

valley, near the holy house, O LORD, that they may be constant at prayer.

Grant, therefore, that the hearts of some men may be affected with kindness

toward them; and do thou bestow on them all sorts of fruits, that they may

give thanks.

     O LORD, thou knowest whatsoever we conceal, and whatsoever we publish;

for nothing is hidden from GOD, either on earth or in heaven.

     Praise be unto GOD, who hath given me, in my old age, Israel and Isaac:

for my LORD is the hearer of supplication.

40     O LORD, grant that I may be an observer of prayer, and a part of my

posterity also, O LORD, and receive my supplication.

     O LORD, forgive me, and my parents, and the faithful, on the day whereon

an account shall be taken.

     Think not, O prophet, that GOD is regardless of what the ungodly do.  He

only deferreth their punishment unto the day whereon men's eyes shall be

fixed:

     they shall hasten forward, at the voice of the angel calling to judgment,

and shall lift up their heads; they shall not be able to turn their sight from

the object whereon it shall be fixed, and their hearts shall be void of sense,

through excessive terror.

     Wherefore do thou threaten men with the day, whereon their punishment

shall be inflicted on them, and whereon those who have acted unjustly shall

say, O LORD, give us respite unto a term near at hand; and we will obey thy

call, and we will follow thy apostles.  But it shall be answered unto them, Did

ye not swear heretofore, that no reverse should befall you?

     yet ye dwelt in the dwellings of those who had treated their own souls

unjustly; and it appeared plainly unto you how we had dwelt with them; and

we propounded their destruction as examples unto you.

     They employ their utmost subtlety to oppose the truth; but their subtlety

is apparent unto GOD, who is able to frustrate their designs; although their

subtlety were so great, that the mountains might be moved thereby.

     Think not, therefore, O prophet, that GOD will be contrary to his promise

of assistance, made unto his apostles; for GOD is mighty, able to avenge.

     The day will come, when the earth shall be changed into another earth,

and the heavens into other heavens; and men shall come forth from their

graves to appear before the only, the mighty GOD.

     And thou shalt see the wicked on that day bound together in fetters:

50     their inner garments shall be of pitch, and fire shall cover their faces;

     that GOD may reward every soul according to what it shall have deserved; for

GOD is swift in taking an account.

     This is a sufficient admonition unto men, that they may be warned

thereby, and that they may know that there is but one GOD; and that those who

are endued with understanding may consider.







