A ray of sunlight hits me in the eyes and I awaken. The first thing I notice: Adam, sleeping next to me. I held his hand under my face the whole night and he didn’t complain, even for a single moment. I wonder how two people, emotionally so close to each other, can have a chaste relationship, sacred and based on trust and friendship. I always thought Mike was my best friend, but when I look at Adam, I see a man who is sincere and loyal to me. Our relationship is free of lust and carnality, which is helping us to flourish and grow together in a circle of hope and belief. I never thought I would find a man who would promise to protect me even in my sleep, without harming me physically and emotionally.

I gaze at his charming face. I cannot deny that I am attracted and captivated by his physical appearance. Is it too soon to fall for him? If he ever tries to become physically close to me, will I refuse, or is this something I am also craving? Is it okay to flow with his emotions, or is he just forbidden fruit for me? I close my eyes, take a deep breath, and slip out of bed smoothly, not disturbing his sleep.

After my regular washroom trip, I decide to explore the hotel until Adam wakes up. I put on some jeans and go down to the main level. It is a beautiful morning in Edmonton; the room looks even brighter and more welcoming in daylight. I take my room card and handbag, and head for the lobby. It is warm, paneled in beautiful dark wood, with lots of people from business and political backgrounds. I check out a few stores beside the lavish lobby, which give me the idea of buying something for Adam. He deserves a show of gratitude, though no words, no gift, could repay what he has done for me.

I have no idea what to purchase for him, as he has everything. After an hour of searching, I end up in a jewelry and gift shop and decide to buy a silver photo frame. They offer engraving, so I order a message to be etched onto the frame. I hope Adam likes it. I also buy cufflinks for him and get his initials engraved on them.

When they hand me my finished photo frame, it looks empty, so I ask them if they have printing facilities so I can add a picture to highlight the frame and my feelings for him. The store people are generous enough to offer all kinds of services, without hassle. I check the time on the giant wall clock and realize Adam will be looking for me, if he wakes up to find me gone. I thank the store manager and head toward the elevator.

When I enter the room, Adam has his phone in one hand, and the other hand tangled in his hair.

“Here she is. I will talk to you later.” He snaps the phone shut as soon as I 
step in. “Where the hell were you?” He looks tense and worn out.

“Is everything okay?”

“I woke up and couldn’t find you. I searched everywhere in the hotel, asked people at the reception desk, but no one knew where you were.” He’s breathing hard from distress.

“You could have called me.” I try to calm the tension between us.

“You left your damn phone on the table. There was no way I could find you. Where were you, Rania?” His tone is harsh, but I sense worry in his voice.

“I went out for a walk—”

“Why didn’t you wake me up?”

“You were sleeping, Adam. Why would I wake you?”

“I thought you ran away.” He shakes his head in misery and sits on the couch. I put my bag down and sit next to him.

“Why would I run away?”

“I don’t know. I thought I might have done something wrong. You acted so strange last night.” He is still agitated and his words are acting like a strong heat, melting my frozen heart. I want to tell him I went to buy something for him to express my feelings, but I also wanted to surprise him with my gift before we leave for our musical evening.

“You don’t need to worry about me anymore, Adam. I am not going to run away from you. What you did last night—I can’t even express it. I don’t know how you did it. I had no nightmares, I took no pill, yet I slept peacefully the whole night. You think I would run away after that? No, I am very selfish and I want to sleep without nightmares.”

“Please don’t leave again without telling me. I was so worried.” His appeal is almost a whisper.

“I am sorry. I will take care next time.” I pause for a moment. “Whom were you talking to, when I came in?”

“Reception. I called everywhere. No one saw you leaving the hotel.”

“That’s because I never left. I wonder how come they didn’t see me in the lobby? Anyways...” I stand up from the couch. “Please, order something for breakfast. I am famished. I checked the bakery; they have French bread. Please, ask them if we could get it, or if we could go down and have breakfast there.” I wink at him to cheer him up. I don’t know why he gets so worried about me all the time. I was only gone for an hour or so. He smiles at my voracious demand.

“I would love to feed you. Let me ask them.” He heads toward the desk to call reception.

“I will change, in the meantime.” I smile back to him and head upstairs.

I check myself in the mirror and find out I look hideous—still in the t-shirt I wore to bed, with my hair a mess and no makeup. No wonder the hotel management didn’t recognize me. I open my luggage and take out my favorite deep green top. I put on some makeup, and glance at the hair dryer. I remember taking a shower last night, but I don’t remember taking the hair dryer out from the wall. My brush is also on the vanity, though I clearly remember I didn’t take it out of my cosmetics bag. The towel I used last night is lying on the floor. I never leave my towel on the floor. I pick it up and hang it on the rack beside the shower column. Why didn’t I notice all this, when I came in earlier?

Maybe my mind was crowded with thoughts of Adam. I remember lying down with him and talking to him about Satan and sins, but I don’t remember coming out of the shower, dropping my towel on the floor or drying my hair. As I try to recall what happened, I hear a knock at the washroom door.

“Come in, please.” I start brushing my hair. I look into the vanity mirror and see Adam standing behind me, his mouth open in shock. I jerk my head to ask him what is the matter.

“You look... beautiful. I have never seen you wearing jeans.”

“Thanks.”

“And that color looks stunning on you.”

“It’s my favorite color.” I look into his eyes. How I love the color of your eyes. We gaze at each other through the reflection, and then he averts his eyes.

“The breakfast is here, by the way.” He is about to leave, when I turn around and call him back.

“Adam, I need to ask one thing.” He stops and gives me his complete attention. I step toward him, but avoid his gaze. “Did anything strange happen last night?”

“Why do you ask that?” He sounds concerned.

“It sounds crazy, but I remember taking a shower last night, but I just noticed my towel on the floor this morning and I don’t remember leaving it there. The hair dryer was out and I don’t remember using it. I don’t even remember coming out of the washroom and lying down on the bed.”

Adam draws his eyebrows together. The look on his face tells me that there is something I should know.

“You don’t remember what happened in the washroom last night?” He takes a few steps closer to me. I shake my head in agitation, then close my eyes and concentrate, seeing if I can remember anything.

“You don’t remember me drying your hair?” He gazes at me intently. I shake my head again, astonished.

“What is wrong with me, Adam? What else happened? Please, tell me.” Adam’s silence is scaring me.

“Nothing is wrong,” he says very gently, and tucks my hair behind my ear. “You took a long time in the shower. When I came up here to check on you, you didn’t hear me knock, so I opened the door. You were standing here and I came in and helped you dry your hair and...” He doesn’t speak for a while, so I start to panic again.

“And? What happened then?” I say. He puts his hand on my cheek and looks at me with a strange expression. Is he hiding something from me?

“Nothing happened. You were very tired. I tucked you into bed. You said you trusted me and I could sleep next to you—”

“Yes, I remember that. But why don’t I remember you coming in the washroom?” I look down in distress and try my level best to remember. “If I was so tired, then how come I remember our conversation?”

Speak up, Adam!

“Come downstairs. Don’t think so much. Let’s have breakfast.” He takes my hand and pulls me through the bedroom, down to the main level dining area. He has succeeded in ordering the French bread and cheese for me from the bakery. I smile when I see it. Adam sits at the head of the table and I sit beside him. He offers me tea from the pretty china teapot. Adam starts on his Spanish omelet, but he is still smiling.

“Have you ever been to Paris?” he says, as he takes a bite. I shake my head and fix my eyes on my breakfast, so he continues. “Paris is the home of cheese and bread. Beautiful bakeries around every corner. When you go out for a morning walk in the old town, all you can smell is the fresh bread.”

“I am sure it must be tempting.”

“Yes, it is. I will take you there someday.” He sounds serious. We finish our breakfast without talking any further.

Afterwards, we move to the living area and sit on the couch.

“If you don’t mind, can I ask you something, Adam?” Adam is busy with his phone, probably checking emails, but my question turns his attention toward me.

“You don’t need to ask. Just say it.”

“Umm... I was wondering... the opera is around eight in the evening. I wanted to visit the Muttart Conservatory. It is not that far. I can take a cab. I just wanted to tell you, so that you don’t end up calling half of the city to look for me.”

“You don’t want me to come with you?” His tone is disappointed. Is he hurt I didn’t ask him to join me?

“It’s a work day for you. I don’t want to interrupt your schedule.”

“I have no work when I’m with you. I’m completely yours.” His pensive looks give me an electric charge. “But only if you want me to come.”

“Of course, I want you to come. I just thought you might be busy. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”

“I’m not hurt, Rania. I’m glad you told me what you want. Let’s leave in half an hour. I have to make some calls and answer some emails first.” His warm gesture brings a smile to my face. Adam picks up his laptop and heads to the desk.

I get absorbed in a morning television show, and am surprised to see Adam standing next to me, dressed in his casual attire. He is wearing black jeans with a sweater T-shirt, the same color as my top. I have never seen him wearing deep green before, and I can’t help smiling.

“You look very nice. That color suits you. It matches your eyes.” I stand up and check him out lustfully from top to bottom.

“It is a great privilege to receive a compliment from such a beautiful girl.”

I giggle at him and we head down to the lobby, where the same deep blue Lexus is waiting for us. As we drive, Adam is busy over his phone calls and emails, but he tries his best to give his attention to me as well. I feel really bad that I am disturbing his work for no reason, but he has assured me he wants my company. He tells me during our ride that he would worry about me, wandering a strange city alone, and his worry would still not let him concentrate on his work. I feel as though I should have kept my mouth shut about the Conservatory and stayed in the hotel.

After a thirty-minute drive, we reach the Conservatory and are greeted by an Italian man in his early twenties, who gives us tickets and badges. The Conservatory is built of multiple glass pyramid structures, so all the plants can obtain natural light. I enjoy reading about the rare plants, and Adam follows me quietly. He doesn’t seem interested in plants, so I don’t know why he wanted to come. It is warm inside, so we ask the Italian boy if we can hang our jackets somewhere. When I take off my woolen hat, my hair clip catches Adam’s eye.

“Where did you get that?”

“It was my mother’s. It’s pretty, isn’t it?” I touch the clip with pride.

“Yes, and it looks fascinating on you. Your clip reminds me of...” He is out of words after that, but his eyes are fixed on the clip. I wait for him to continue. “My mother. She used to wear something similar to it.” He looks sad. It is obvious how he has missed his mother all these years. I am glad I pushed him to talk to her and break the ice between them. He is at least talking to me about her, and not avoiding the subject.

I smile at him with pleasure. “That is so sweet, Adam. You still remember?” He nods his head.

“Yes, I remember brushing her hair one day and dressing it up with this kind of stuff. I was not even five at the time.” He shifts his gaze from my hair to my eyes. “You know, it’s her birthday on Saturday, not a holiday dinner. She always uses the holidays as an excuse to invite me.”

“That’s wonderful, Adam. We should get something for her then.”

“I don’t know what I should give her. She must have everything. She married a rich man.” He sounds bitter.

“Money doesn’t buy everything. Why don’t you give her a hair accessory similar to the one she used to have? It would let her know you still remember fixing her hair.” My suggestion makes him smile through his eyes and his heart, as if I have resolved a long-standing riddle for him.

“Will you help me choose it?”

“Of course I will. What are friends for?” I smile back at him and we continue our tour of the plants.

The entire morning, I learn about exotic plants and Adam amuses himself by taking my picture with his phone. I don’t know how many he has taken, but he seems to be enjoying the morning with the plants and me.

“I am surprised there is no one here today. People these days don’t spend time with plants, I suppose.” I look around the area, disillusioned.

“That’s because the place is booked for the two of us.” Adam speaks from behind me, and I turn to him with bewilderment. He smiles at my shocked expression and takes another picture with his phone. “Don’t be so surprised. It’s part of our pact, remember... protecting your privacy.” He winks mischievously. “I like this bewildered Rania.” He looks at his phone. I am speechless for a moment. How can he manage to reserve the damn place on such a short notice?

“How can they do you such a big favor? Do people always do what you ask them to do?”

“It’s not a favor. My theory is, if money can buy anything, you should never ask for favors. It is very easy to return the money, but too hard to return favors. You can never justify them.”

Yeah, easy for you maybe.

“You paid to book this whole place? Why?”

“You didn’t want us to be seen in public together. I promised you I would take care of it.”

“I thought it would be different here. You should have told me; we wouldn’t have come here at all.” It is disgraceful of me to have made him spend so much money, again. Of course he will never tell me how he managed to book this place in such a short time. “I don’t feel good about this.”

“Hey, come on. Relax and enjoy yourself. By the way, I didn’t know spending the day with plants could be fun.” He puts his arm around my shoulder and gives me a friendly hug.

“Come on, we haven’t seen the roses yet.”

“What fun are you having?” I ask him. “You are not even reading the details. You have only taken pictures.”

“That’s fun for me. I’m having the best time. Just you and me, and the poor speechless plants. At least, they won’t publicize our presence.” Adam’s face and voice are filled with amusement. It seems he is actually having fun. “You might not know it, but I haven’t ever been to a place like this, except for school field trips or official events. Nothing like this, having time on my own.” He turns me, so I can face him properly. “Thanks for bringing an ordinary activity into my life, in an extraordinary way.”

I didn’t know he found pleasure in doing little things, like a common man. Adam lacked all those fun activities in his life, which he had deserved to do in his youth. He spent all his teenage life lonely, or struggling with his father. In his early twenties, he lost his father, and then he threw himself into raising his father’s business to the heights. I can’t imagine how hard he has worked to achieve his current social status. He is seeking joy in small trips and hot chocolates. He is no different than other men, yet, his way of expressing his feelings to me is exceptional.

“If these moments can be bought, I am ready to spend all my wealth on them. But this is all possible because of you, Rania. You are my only friend; you are the only person in the whole world with whom I would want to share all these little pleasures.” He closes his eyes and continues. “And there will be no one else.”

“Thank you, Adam. I feel very special and... blessed.” I smile, placing my hand on his shoulder, and he opens his eyes at my touch. We enter a hallway that is filled with roses of all colors. It is a heavenly view. Adam takes my picture with almost every variety, as I read their details. His eyes get stuck on a lavender rose’s description.

“Commonly used for the expression of love at first sight.” His comment catches my attention and I walk toward him. “That’s quite a piece of information!” His eyes are fixed on the lavender roses and he is lost in thought, rubbing his index finger on his lower lip.

“They are beautiful, aren’t they?” I say, breaking into his thought. He looks at me with a strange and unreadable expression, and I continue talking. “God has amazed humans with all the beautiful colors and fragrances of flowers. Humans have chosen a different message for each flower, but I see them as pure and angelic beauty. Any color rose, for me, represents divinity and perfection. A human cannot achieve perfection. It is God’s individuality which is perfect.”

“I have never seen flowers the way you do. I always thought they were just for weddings, funerals and parties. You have a very different way of looking at nature.”

“That’s because I appreciate everything in nature. God has created beauty for our eyes, everywhere. It’s up to us to acknowledge it or not. Have you ever been to a tulip festival?” Adam shakes his head. “In the spring, we will go to one together.” I give him an exhilarated smile, which makes him elated.

“I can’t wait for the spring, then. If you’re going to be there, then I’m sure it must be breathtaking.”

We finish our tour, stopping at the souvenir shop on our way out. I pick up some magnets and brooches with different flower designs, and then my attention is diverted by masquerade masks that are displayed in the corner of the store. I pick up one bronze-colored mask and tie it around my eyes. I check myself in the mirror and am astounded to see that I look completely different in it—unrecognizable. Suddenly Adam is standing behind me, and his reflection in the mirror is flabbergasted.

“Excuse me! Have we met before? Are you—” His question surprises me. Didn’t he recognize me? Well, how could he? Even I am not able to recognize myself. I take off the mask and smile at his frozen face.

“Hey, it’s me. And yes, we have met.” I wink at him. He is still frozen and startled. “What happened, Adam? Why are you acting so weird?” He is utterly quiet for some time, and then he finally speaks.

“You dazzled me.”

“You didn’t recognize me?” I look at the other masks while talking to him. 

“You reminded me of...” He is silent after that.

“Who?” I give him all my attention.

“Never mind. Shall we go?” He shakes his head in disbelief and changes the subject, but I know there is something stuck in his mind.

“Yes, sure.” I reach the counter and the young blonde cashier gives me my total. Her eyes are glued on Adam. I know he is handsome, but take your damn eyes off of him. I don’t know if it is jealousy or what, but I don’t like the way she’s staring at him. I take my wallet out of my bag, but Adam has already given his credit card to the girl.

“Adam, please, let me pay.” I grab his hand and push it aside. “This is my stuff, so please, don’t try to act like my boyfriend.”

“He isn’t your boyfriend?” asks the blonde girl, her eyes sparkling. She is totally drooling over Adam.

“Yes, I am. But my beautiful girlfriend keeps forgetting about it.” Adam gives the blonde an impersonal smile.

“Adam, don’t create a scene here. Let me pay, please,” I murmur.

“I can’t let you pay in front of me. For God’s sake! Why do you make things so difficult sometimes?” His generous look is changing to anger.

“You are a big time mid-century sexist.” I deliberately speak loudly, so the girl can hear. He looks at me confusedly, and then to the girl, who is staring at us open-mouthed. “I am not buying anything.” I put all the stuff on the counter. “Sorry for the trouble.” And I leave the store without even looking at Adam.

I wait outside near the exit of the conservatory, where I ask the guy to bring my jacket so we can leave as soon as possible. Adam joins me ten minutes later, and I wonder what took him so long. That blonde would be trying her best to seduce him, for sure. I put my jealous thoughts aside and see he has the store bag in his hand. The Italian boy brings our jackets and other accessories and we dress ourselves for the harsh weather outside. Adam reads my annoyed expression, so he doesn’t say anything until we settle ourselves in the car.

As we drive, I look out the window and pretend he doesn’t exist. What does he think, I can’t afford to buy souvenirs for myself? He doesn’t have to pay for everything I want to buy. He has already spent an enormous amount of money in less than a week. If he keeps spending at that rate, he’ll be a beggar in a month. He has earned all this wealth with struggle and devotion. I can’t let him spend it so wildly. And the fact that he thinks I can’t afford such a small amount makes me feel insignificant.

“You’re not going to talk?” I hear Adam’s voice from the other side of the car. I don’t respond. He says something to the driver in French, which I totally ignore, but after a few minutes the car stops at a corner and the driver steps outside. I look at Adam. “He is not going to drive the car unless you talk to me,” Adam says seriously.

“Are you kidding me? The poor man will freeze to death.” I try to open the door from my side, but it is locked.

“He’s a local. He’s used to these temperatures. If you pity him so much, then talk to me. I’ll call him back.” He comes a little closer to me and places the package on my lap. “You left this at the store.” I push the package away and ignore him.

“It’s not mine. You paid for it, so it’s yours.” I cross my arms over my chest and look outside to the poor driver. “Please call him inside.”

“You have pity for everyone. Why are you so merciless to me?” he whispers in my ear. I realize he is only an inch away from me. I shift closer to the window and look at him curiously.

“Merciless? That’s what you think of me?”

“You won’t take this package. You always refuse me whenever I—”

“Adam, I can’t accept presents from you.”

“But this is yours. You forgot it on the counter.”

“You paid for it, Adam. It’s not mine.” I frown over his argument. He is too much.

“But what difference does it make?”

“It makes a difference to me. Please, stop spending so much money on me. I feel disgraced.” I hide my face in my hands and rest my elbows on my knees. Why is he so difficult at times?

“Don’t talk about yourself like that in front of me. If that’s the case...” He pauses, so I open my eyes to see what he is doing. He takes the receipt out of his pocket. “Pay me for it. Or let’s go back to the store and I’ll return it, and then, you pay yourself.” He opens my palm and places the receipt on it. “Please don’t feel so low about yourself. I never wanted to crush your self- esteem.” His sudden change in attitude, having all the sweetness in the world, melts my heart. We are arguing over only fifty-two dollars. “The poor man is freezing outside,” he says. “Have some mercy on him. Do you want to pay me now, or go back to that blonde?”

His sudden mention of the girl in a comic way makes me laugh, and it flushes out all the anger inside me. He waves to the driver, who returns and starts the car, and we are back on the road. I take out the exact amount of money and place it on his palm. He takes a pen from his pocket and hands it to me.
“Write something on it. You are giving me something for the first time. I want to keep it forever.” His sincerity matches his eyes. I don’t argue, as it is his money, so I write on the fifty-dollar bill:

For our arguments.

I sign my name and add the date. He takes the bill and grins from ear to ear, and puts the money in his wallet.

“Happy now?” he confirms, with his tender heart. I nod and smile back at him.

Our car stops on an old town street and I follow Adam to a local Italian restaurant. It is a main street, with lots of local businesses, though not crowded because it is a weekday. The aroma of food makes me realize that I am starving. We sit at a window table, so we can enjoy the view of the snow-covered street. Our server brings warm garlic bread right away and asks us if we would like to start with drinks and appetizers. Adam orders fresh orange juice for me and red wine for himself, with roasted peppers and mozzarella bites as an appetizer for us to share. I look around the restaurant and figure out that the absence of other people is once more due to his enormous spending.

“How do you manage to book places all to yourself, so quickly?” I finally ask the question which has been buzzing in my mind since the day he showed up on the train. He smiles and shakes his head humorously.

“It’s not just for me. It’s for us.” He leans back in the chair. “You are very innocent, Rania. You have no idea how money works in this world. Let’s not talk about it. Enjoy your lunch.” I put my juice glass down and look at him.

“I want to know about the opera. You can’t be—”

“No, I haven’t booked the whole theater. I’m not brainless. The artists can’t perform if there are only two people in the audience.” He has a good point. “Anyhow, we will have a private box, so you don’t need to worry.”

On that, a blonde waitress steps in to take the orders for our main course. She keeps staring at Adam in the same way the store blonde did, and I feel like I don’t exist at this table. All blondes like him. She is wearing a very short black skirt over her long slender legs, with a white blouse, which is open at the top to show the perfect amount of cleavage. I hide my face behind the menu, as I can’t stop laughing at the blonde ogling Adam. I order chicken cacciatore and Adam orders baked shrimp scampi. He is aware of the girl’s wild sexy looks and the inviting messages she is sending through her body. I have to return the menu card back to this hottie, so I purse my lips to hide my laugh. As soon as she leaves, I chuckle and put my hands over my mouth. Adam looks at me intently.

“What’s so funny?” His innocent question makes me laugh more.

“You don’t know what just happened?” He shakes his head, as if he is actually unaware of it. “Oh, come on, Adam. That blonde was completely checking you out. What do you say?” I wink at him. He blushes at my remarks, but doesn’t say anything. “Didn’t you notice the way she stood, displaying the right parts of her body, as if she was begging for wall-banging sex?” And I start laughing again. Adam tries to laugh too, but he presses his lips together in embarrassment. “Oh my God! You look so cute when you blush. Let me call that hottie and see your expression again.” I look toward the kitchen area.

“Are you crazy? You’re making fun of an awkward situation.” He moves my face to look at him.

“I just can’t believe Adam Gibson can blush over a blonde checking him out. I should take a picture of that.” I can’t stop laughing. Adam leans back and folds his arms over his chest. He wonders at my laughter, but I know he is enjoying the moment also. I wipe my watery eyes on the napkin and continue on my fun excursion. “So, what did that store blonde say to you, when I left?”

“That little girl?” he asks with surprise.

“Yes, but I am sure she was not that little. She must be past puberty.” My abrupt remarks make him laugh.

“Yes, I agree. You want to know what she said?” I nod with a smile. “She said ‘your girlfriend is very egoistic.’”

“What? Just that? And you took more than ten minutes to listen to that?”

“You were keeping track of my time with her?” Adam raises one of his eyebrows in surprise. He wants to know if I was jealous or curious. I was both, in fact, but I don’t let him know. “She said I should have let you pay, and said you are very hot and beautiful and I am lucky to have you.”

“She was checking you out and you are saying she was admiring me? You think I will believe that?” I busy myself with the appetizer, as I realize he might not tell me what they said. He is undoubtedly handsome and intelligent; any girl can ask him out. It is his personal life. I shouldn't question him about every girl.

“She was checking you out, Rania. She was homosexual.” He chuckles behind his wine glass. What? Is he serious? “She wanted to know if I could help her find a girl like you, the way I did for myself, so I told her that God has made only one piece like that and that it is fortunately just for me.” I look at him, startled, but the way he speaks tells me he is not lying. “She also told me that she was watching you when you entered the store and how you tied the mask over your eyes, which blew her away. She fell in love with you.” I put my hands on my mouth to hide my astonishment. “She told me I should not argue with a beauty like you.” He takes a sip of his wine, but his eyes are locked on me. “You are very innocent, Rania. You can’t read people’s eyes. You don’t know what the other person is feeling for you. It’s good sometimes, as it is easier to ignore the assholes, but it’s dangerous as well. You can’t tell the other person’s intentions.” I avert my eyes and look down at my glass. All the humor and laughs are gone. “Anyhow, she gave me her number to give to you, in case you need a friend someday, but I assured her that would not happen. Over my dead body!”

He hands me a piece of paper and smirks at me devilishly. His sincerity makes me smile again. I take her name and number.

“I can’t believe it.”

“She’s lucky she was a girl. I can’t imagine how I would have reacted if she were male.” His expression gets serious suddenly.

“Why? What would you have done?” Oh please, Adam. Don’t tell me you would get jealous.

“Don’t ask me, and don’t ever provoke me, either.” There is an awkwardness between us. I am glad when the blonde waitress returns with our main course, and we finish our meals without talking to each other.

By the time we reach our room after our late lunch, the sun has already set. We relax on separate couches, and Adam breaks the silence.

“Have you decided what to wear tonight?” I look at him, surprised, so he continues. “Women mostly wear evening dresses to the opera.”

“Does it matter? I thought I could wear anything.”

“Yes, you can, but I hope you don’t feel underdressed.”

“But I don’t have an evening dress with me. I just came with a couple of casuals and two dresses for official events.”

“I know that.” Adam speaks reluctantly, while taking off his socks. We still have a few hours before we go, so I decide to take a hot shower and hit the nearest store to shop, but I have promised myself I will not take him with me. Otherwise, he will dominate me once again, and will never let me pay for my own clothes.

When I reach the bedroom, I see some boxes and bags from Holt Renfrew on the bed. Since I haven’t ordered anything from there, I assume they are Adam’s, so I don’t bother to open them. Adam follows me and sees the boxes as well.

“Oh, they delivered already. That was quick,” he says, sitting at the corner of the bed. “Won’t you open them, Rania?”

“What is this?” I ask him, taking out a top from my luggage.

“It’s for you. Let me know if you like it.” For me? Is he crazy? There are four packages.

“I didn’t order anything, Adam.” I ignore the parcels and continue digging in my luggage.

“You don’t take care of yourself much, so I thought I would take the responsibility.” He stands up and hands me one of the bags. I open it up and find an elegant full-length lace dress, with the label of Burberry Prorsum on it.

“I can’t accept this, Adam.” I put the dress down on the bed and he comes over to me.

“Why? Don’t you like it?”

“Who wouldn’t? But this is too much. Why do you keep on—”

“It’s a dress for this evening. It’s not a big deal.” He shrugs his shoulders innocently. “Please, try it on and if you don’t like it, we’ll go and get something else.”

“It couldn’t be better, Adam. Is this your choice?” I look at the pink dress and then back to him.

“No, the fashion advisor at the store picked it up. I told her what I wanted, and that’s it.”

“Thanks for all the effort, Adam, but...”

“Please, don’t make it such a big deal. Now, try it on and let me know if it’s okay.” He picks up the dress and hands it to me.

“It looks perfect. I have never worn anything like it. It’s precious.” I caress the soft lace.

“Not more than you. Why don’t you check out the other stuff?”

“This is all for me?” I look at the other boxes in surprise. He nods with a smile and goes into the washroom. I sit on the corner of the bed, gaping at the boxes, and deciding which one to open first. I hear the sound of the shower from the washroom, which means he will be in there for a while. I start with the shoebox and am dazzled to find sparkling Jimmy Choo sandals. They fit me perfectly. How did the fashion advisor know my size? Did Adam tell her everything? My feet look prettier in the designer shoes. The dress itself is extraordinary. I have never desired anything like that; it is more than I deserve in life.

Adam is making everything like a fairytale. I open the third box and find a Chanel scarf that matches the dress. The silk of the scarf is extremely soft, and I touch it to my cheek. There is also a pair of stockings. He has thought of every detail. He has made me feel like a woman—a very special woman. I open the last box and find a silver Fendi evening clutch that matches the dress and shoes perfectly. The box also has matching earrings and hair accessories. I can’t wait to try everything on for tonight. I look at the dress again. It is full length, with no body exposure, to preserve my femininity.

He does care.

All the items have the prices removed from their tags, but I know it is more than five thousand dollars. So much to spend on a single evening! It is almost my month’s salary. I take the tags off everything so I can put them on after Adam is done taking his shower. The door of the washroom opens and Adam steps out, with just a towel wrapped around his waist.

Oh my!

He looks absolutely sexy and stunning, like a Greek god. He walks toward the closet with his wet, half-naked body, in a very provocative manner, ignoring my existence completely.

He is so fucking sexy!

I bite my lower lip; this is titillating. I have never seen his body like this and my mouth is open so far I feel like it will hit the floor. Droplets of water fall from his broad shoulders, down to his lean cut waist. I want to lick all those droplets and my hands itch badly to touch his bare chest. In a relationship between a man and a woman, there is a very fine line which divides friendship from intimacy. I am standing on that line. I know if I move a bit, I will fall on the other side. I have never felt so seductively attracted to any man, and somewhere down in my body, it tickles... pleasurably.

Control the fucking woman inside you, Rania. He is a bloody mind reader.

He picks up his clothes from the closet and heads back to the washroom. After a few minutes, he appears in black trousers and a white button-down dress shirt, showered in a very sexy fragrance.

Oh, Gibson! You look so much better without clothes.

I’m still staring at him and realize I look awful next to him. No matter how hard I try, I can never match his charm and grace. He finally manages to look at me.

“Everything is perfect, Adam. Thank you.”

“I’m glad you liked it. I will thank Olivia personally. She picked all the stuff.” He goes back to the washroom, still speaking, leaving the door open.

“How did she know my size?” I ask him from the bed, raising my voice.

“I told her.” He steps out of the washroom and sits at the other corner of the bed. “I saw your shoe size from your boots and when I stole your pills from your luggage, I checked the size of your top.”

“It was a perfect guess. I tried the sandals. They are perfect. Thank you.” He smiles with relief that I haven’t made an issue over his presents this time. “I am not used to all this, Adam.” His smile vanishes instantly.

“Then get used to it.” He stands up from the bed and starts digging in his bag for something. “We have to leave in an hour. You should get ready now.”

I smile back at him and gather my belongings, heading to the washroom without saying anything further.
