I wake up around eleven in the morning. I’ve never slept so late in my life. I remember waking from a dream in the middle of the night, but it was not a nightmare. It was the first time in five years I’d slept alone without a nightmare, when Adam was not around. I’d been lost in the dark woods, and Adam had rescued me from the darkness.

Is it a message from God? Is He sending Adam to protect me?

I know Adam is not a guy to believe in relationships. He hardly believes in God. But still, I am spellbound and captivated by his presence. I slip out of bed and plug in my phone, which has been switched off since I left the training session after lunch. There are a few unread messages.

The first one is from Ethan Murray. I roll my eyes in frustration as I read it.

You have cast a spell on this poor man with your angelic beauty. You left without saying a word. Is that one of the characteristics of an enchantress?

I delete his cheesy message without even thinking. The second message is from Mike, which brings a smile to my face.

Hey, girl! Still in Edmonton? Dad told me you would be back on Saturday. Can we dine out together? A movie or bowling? I am off duty on Saturday evening and all yours. Love ya!

Mike will never stop showering his love on me—his messages are always like this. And I guess I am used to it. There is a message from Adam also, sent around 4 a.m. That was the same time I woke up from my dream.

Sorry I couldn’t be there for you. Somehow, tonight, I felt if I’d stay with you, I would let my demon win. I was trying to protect you from it.
He was awake at 4 a.m.? Thinking about me?

Tons of questions juggle in my mind. I decide it’s better to respond to the message, than create more questions in my brain. I plan to call Mike after breakfast and as for Adam, I think hard what to write.

Your soul defeated your demon last night. I didn't have any nightmares. It was your soul, who met mine in the dream. Thank you.

I put my phone down and head to the washroom. Five minutes later, I hear my phone ringing. I rush out and check the ID to find Adam's name.

“Hi, good morning.” His sweet voice comes as soon as I accept the call.

“Good morning or afternoon, whatever.” I giggle. “How are you?”

“Never been so good. You dreamt about me, last night?” His voice is heavy from sleep, and I sense he is still in bed. My text must have woken him.

“Yes. No nightmares, surprisingly.”

“What did you dream?”

“I was lost in the dark woods and you came from nowhere and led me out of them.” Adam doesn’t say anything. I hear him breathing.

“Adam? Are you there?”

“Yes, I am.”

“What is it, then?”

“I dreamed the same thing, and woke up in the middle of the night and texted you without thinking.”

We both are silent. I don’t remember who hung up first, but neither of us said anything, not even good-bye.

After my breakfast, I call Mike to return his message.

“Somebody has got her memory back?” He sounds excited to hear from me. “How are you, Mike?”

“I am good. On a duty, though,” he says dryly. “We have a lot to talk about, Rania. I was wondering if we could meet. It’s been a while.” He’s right. It has been a while. He was in Calgary for three months, and the day he came back was the day I met Adam for the first time. With Adam around all the time, I never got a chance to talk to my best friend properly. But he is asking about tonight. I know if I don’t go with Adam, then he won’t see his mother.

“I am sorry, Mike. Tonight is not possible. I am already—”

“Dating Gibson?” he interrupts me. I remain silent, so he continues. “Do you like him, Rania?”

His question totally surprises me. I am still quiet, not sure what to say, or am I too afraid to spill the beans? “Shall I take this silence as a ‘yes?’”

“It’s not what you think, Mike. We are just friends.”

“So just-a-friend would chase you all the way to Edmonton?” Shit. How does he know? “Just because I stay quiet, doesn’t mean I don’t know anything.” He takes a deep breath. “You remember Kevin? We took photography lessons together?”

“Yes, I remember. The Russian guy with nerd glasses?”

“Yes. Apparently, he was at the summit you attended. He was covering the shoot.” Oh, he told Mike. “He saw you hugging a guy passionately coming out of the conference hall...” I listen to him quietly. Hugging passionately? Is it true? “He obviously knew it was Gibson, but then he also told me there was another man, some mature guy, who had eyes on you all the time and followed you when you were meeting Gibson. Did you complain about that weirdo to Gibson? Kevin told me they had an argument.”

“The guy is Ethan Murray. He has a very high-profile job, but he’s a sleaze and uses it to hit on girls. Unfortunately, he doesn’t know he’s trying to hit on the wrong girl this time.” We both laugh. I ask, “Does Ben know...”

“You are my best friend, Rania. As well as I know you, I know my dad too. He is a blabber. I didn’t tell him—I knew he would tell your father.”

“Thank you, Mike. You are a true friend.”

“Yes, and I love you too.” His spontaneous remark makes me giggle. “So, he met you in Edmonton? I mean your new Richie rich boyfriend? Or you left from here together?”

“Stop calling him my boyfriend. We are just friends.” I raise my voice. I hear Mike inhaling and I am sure he is probably rolling his eyes too.

“Then what should I call him? A stalker? A secret agent? What was he doing there?”

I take a deep breath. “It’s a long story, Mike. He came to rescue me from Ethan Murray’s plotting.”

“What does Murray have to do with you?”

“Not with me, with Adam.”

“So what about your date tonight with Mr. Richie rich?” He sounds sarcastic.

“His name is Adam.” I roll my eyes again.

“I know, but Richie rich suits him more. After all, he knows how to use his money at the right time.” He sounds hurt.

“It’s not what you think. It is not a date, Mike. He is taking me to his parents’ house.” I skip my side of the story. How can I tell Mike that we were alone in a business class coach of Via Rail, all by ourselves for two days? He certainly knows how to use his damn money.

“What? Are you serious? You’re going to meet his family?” It is his turn to raise his voice to me, but I remain quiet. “Isn’t it too soon, Rania? You hardly know him.”

“It’s hard to explain, Mike. Can we talk about it some other time?”

“No, baby! We need to talk about it right now. He chased you to the other side of the country and now he’s taking you to meet his parents. Has he proposed or what?”

“Oh my God, Mike! How could you think that? And why do you think, of all the women in the world, he would propose to me?”

“Because, among all the women in the world, he has chosen you to meet his parents.” He spits his words in annoyance. “And of all the men in the world, I am the last one to know.”

“Don’t be sarcastic, Mike. You are the first one to know. And the last one too.” I snap at him.

“Then why is he taking you there?”

“It’s not him. It is me who is taking him there. He has some issues with them. I am just accompanying him, to make sure he behaves well.
”
“Ha!” He laughs hideously. “Since when have you started teaching manners?”

“Don’t be ridiculous. He is a good guy. Sometimes he loses his patience. That’s all.”

“Okay, I trust you, girl. But, what if the news leaks out? You know how the paparazzi chase him like vultures. He is one bloody ticking time bomb.” Mike’s statement makes me speechless. He is right. What if someone spreads the news that I am going to his family home? This will definitely reach my father. Should I ask Adam to keep it private? But how can he? Anyone could see us there. “I hope that doesn’t happen,” Mike says. “Good luck teaching him manners. Take care.”

He hangs up the phone without waiting for me to say good-bye. He sounds grouchy, but I know he’s right. I should have thought about it, before committing to Adam, and now it’s too late to back out. I will mess up everything. He has done so much for me, which I can never repay, but at least I can be by his side when he most needs a friend. I have complete faith in Mike, that he will be my secret keeper. Although Ben has always tried to dig out the words from his heart, he has always stood by me.

Time feels like it’s passing too slowly. I want to see Adam soon, but I don’t want to give him the wrong signals, when I don’t know what I am feeling right now. I change my clothes and decide to hit the mall to get something for Adam’s mother, since it’s her birthday. I end up buying a beautiful flower- shaped brooch for her. It is a generic gift, perhaps, but appropriate for someone I don’t know well.
