I don’t believe I just agreed to roam around the city for two weeks with Adam. Photographers are crazily lined up outside my building to confirm if he stayed with me last night. So much is already out there, and now I’ve agreed to risk my privacy for him again. What is wrong with me? Why do I agree to whatever he asks? Never in my wildest dreams have I imagined that I would be spending days and nights with a person to whom I’m not married, who in fact is not even my boyfriend or my lover. What is in him that makes me trust him so much? I feel so different right now. So many emotions gush through my body and demand that I let myself go with his flow, that I should let him guide me, wherever he’ll take me.

I walk down the memory lane of the last week. So much has changed in my life. I have met a person who makes me feel complete, who makes me feel that nothing matters to him besides my company. Who wants my companionship and nothing else. Who respects my boundaries, who admires me for who I am, and always makes me feel worthy of everything. Since the day we met, he has not let me feel alone. If he is not with me, he makes sure his thoughts surround me. I feel like I’m under some charismatic spell; that I’m incomplete if he’s not around. Will I ever be able to tell him that he completes me? 

I am lost in my thoughts, when my phone reminds me that there are other things in the world to focus on, too. Seeing Mike on my caller ID automatically brings smile to my face.
 
“Hey, how are you?”
 “What’s going on outside your building?” 
“Oh! Where are you?”
 “That’s not the point. Are you in your apartment?” he asks with concern. 

“Yes, why?” 
“I’m coming up.” He hangs up the phone. 

Within a few minutes, I hear a knock at my door. I open it and Mike comes in, looking around as if he is searching for something. He looks so good in his casual clothes. I haven’t seen him without a uniform in a long time.
 
“Where is that Richie rich?” Why he is so derisive when he talks about Adam?

I roll my eyes. “His name is Adam.”

“Whatever! Where is he?” He finally manages to look at me. He seems agitated.

“He is not here, Mike. Why are you asking?”

“Things have gone so far with you two, and I have to read your life updates in the newspaper? Is this how you treat your best friend?” He comes close to me and grabs my arm. “What’s wrong with you, Rania? What is he doing for you that I never did? Where did I fail?”

“It’s not what you think, Mike.” I shrug my shoulders to get him to release his grip. The anger in his eyes scares me.

“So... you like the royal treatment, huh? You should have told me that. I would have treated you like a queen, if you ever gave me a chance—”

“Stop it, Mike. Just stop it.” I literally yell at him for the first time in my life. “How can you have such a low opinion of me? You think I am with him for his money? After all our years of friendship, you think I’m some gold digger?”

“No, baby, I’m not saying that. Please, I’m sorry. But with everything I’m seeing and hearing, tell me, what should I think?”

“You trust that gossip in the newspapers?” He closes his eyes in frustration and sits down on the couch.

“I have never loved anyone except you, Rania. The place you have in my heart, no one else can fill it. I know you’ll never be mine, but Gibson isn’t worthy of you. I’ve seen your life fall apart in the past. I just can’t let your heart and soul crumble again.” He looks up at me with sincerity. “He’s only in this for the pleasure. He’s not a man of hearts and flowers. Why can’t you see it?”

I walk up to him and sit close enough so he can feel my presence. “I can’t explain to you, Mike, and even if I try, I don’t think you will be able to understand.”

“Are you sleeping with him?” His question shocks me. I shake my head in disbelief that he could even ask me that. But should I blame him? A stranger, spending nights in my room, who the whole world says uses women only for sex. It’s natural that Mike would think the same. But doesn’t he know me?

“Tell me, Rania. Why are you so quiet?”

“I don’t know what to say. But if it makes you feel better, he hasn’t touched me once.”

He looks into my eyes with high intensity, trying to read the truth in my face. “Then what do you guys do all the time? I’m sorry to be so personal, but I can’t help being worried about you.”

I place my hands on his. “You don’t need to worry. We just talk. That’s it!”

“He comes here to talk?” he asks sarcastically. “Since when have you started counseling?”

“Come on, Mike. What’s the problem with being friends? Apparently, he doesn’t have any friends.”

“The whole city knows him, and you say he doesn’t have any friends?” He twitches his eyebrow at me.

“That’s his professional life. Just because the whole city knows him, doesn’t mean he’s surrounded by friends. But I told you before, there is nothing between us but friendship.”

“How can you let a man stay with you the whole night? You don’t even have a guest bedroom here. In all these years, you’ve never let me cross that boundary.”

“Please, Mike.” I am at a loss for words. “I don’t know how to explain.” He would never understand my nightmare problem.

“Are you falling for him?” he asks. His gaze gets deeper on me, shaking me inside and out. “Just say yes or no.” I remain speechless, not sure what to say. If it is a no, then why am I taking so long to say it? And if it is a yes, then I know I am in trouble.

“Should I take this silence as a yes?”

“I don’t know, Mike. Please, don’t ask me.”

“Your eyes say everything, Rania. I can see how you feel about him. I can only say he is the luckiest man alive, but if he ever does anything to hurt you or break your heart, I swear I will be the first one to kill him. You mark my words.” Mike’s sudden seriousness blows my mind. He goes on, “Just stay safe and don’t give your heart to someone who doesn’t know the meaning of love. I know he likes you, but I don’t see anything beyond that.”

I close my eyes and hide my face in my hands. “I can’t help it, Mike. I am getting addicted to him.” I don’t believe I just said this to Mike. He pulls my hands away from my face and reads it keenly.

“Are you in love with Adam?”

“I don’t know. Love is a very strong feeling to call it at this moment but... when he is not around... I feel incomplete. He brings life to me.” After my declaration, a dam of tears opens and I let all my feelings out on my poor friend. He wraps his arms around me to comfort me. When all my tears are spent, he pulls me back and cups my face in his hands.

“That’s what I was afraid of. I didn’t want you to fall apart. Does he know?”

“No. I hadn’t even admitted it to myself. I don’t know how you got it out of me.”

“It’s because I’m your best friend. You should give me a little credit.” He smiles at me generously, which makes me smile too. “What about him? Has he said anything about his feelings?”

“He has revealed a lot, more than I expected. He hasn’t said he is in love, but whatever feelings he has are beyond my endurance. He keeps saying that there is something in me that is missing in him. I remind him of someone, but he doesn’t tell me who. I know he is attracted to me and I am also attracted to him, but every time I try to take a step forward, my past pulls me back.”
“Have you told him about—”

“No, I haven’t. He has found out a lot about me already, but I’m afraid if I tell him, he will run away.”

“But you need to tell him, before things get worse. You have no idea what you’re getting yourself into. There are paparazzi standing outside your building, trying to find out if you are actually dating him. Don’t you think they will dig out the details about you? What if Adam finds out about you from these newspapers? Isn’t it better that you tell him yourself?” I know Mike is right. So far, Adam has shared everything from his past with me, but I haven’t told him anything about mine, except for my mother’s death. I am afraid if he hears about it from other sources, it will only bring shame to him. “I can’t say if he’s the right guy to trust that much,” Mike says. “But if you think he’s good enough for you, then I can only pray you get all the goodness you deserve. I can’t stand to see you in pain.” I smile at his sincerity. I know Mike cares about me a lot. “What about Uncle Bari? Dad told me he’s not happy with all this. He is being questioned at his work.”

I take a deep breath, not sure what to say. “I told Baba that Adam is just my friend, and since he is rich and famous, the press writes down everything associated with him.” How can I tell him that I told my father that Adam is like Mike to me? If I place Adam in Mike’s position, I am sure it will hurt Mike’s feelings. And the truth is, they both stand in different compartments of my heart. With Mike, I can easily say that he is the person whom I know will never betray me or leave me in pain. Whereas with Adam, the feeling is nameless. I’m not sure in what part of my heart I shall put him, but he has touched every single place there.

“Uncle Bari spoke to you? For real?” Mike asks in surprise. I nod in silence. “There is nothing to worry about concerning your record. I’ve done a background check in the systems, and there’s nothing. I’m sure Adam has done the same, but still, you never know how far the press might go. They know about your father and his position.”

“Yes, I know. Adam showed me the paper.”

“So where is he now? He left before the paparazzi showed up?” He smirks at me.

“No, he left a while before you came. He said he'd deal with the press himself. He had to go to some dinner at the mayor's house.”

“Oooh, mayor’s house. That sounds rich. So we two are back on track? Just you and me together?” His smile always melts my heart and makes me grin. “You know, girl, it has been almost four months since I’ve eaten anything cooked by you? The training lunches and dinners sucked big time. And you know how Dad cooks. So tonight, you’re cooking for me, baby.” He points at me and smiles devilishly. He relaxes on the couch, taking off his shoes, and puts his feet on the ottoman. “I’m going to relax and watch you cook for me tonight. Until your Richie rich stalker comes home, which I’m sure will be after dinner.” I laugh at his comments about Adam. I don’t know how these two men will ever get along.

“What do you want me to make?”

“Umm... how about lasagna? It’s been a really really long time.”

“Okay, let me check if I have the ingredients. Otherwise, you’ll have to go down to the grocery store and get the things.” I get up from the couch and head toward the kitchen. Mike has no plans to move; he seems to be in vacation mode right now. It is wonderful to see him like this; it makes me realize how much I’ve missed his company. His work requires a lot of time, but he still manages to make time for me because I know I hold a very special place in his heart. He browses the TV and comments about a new crime investigation series, and how it relates to what he actually does. Although he is engaged in TV, I know his mind is focused on me. I remember him once telling me, One day, when you're my wife, I'll enjoy watching you cook for me and my kids. I wonder if he is still thinking that.

Luckily, I have everything required for lasagna. When I put it to bake in the oven, my home phone rings. Mike gets up from the couch and answers the call.

“Yes?” He remains silent, listening. “Can you send the parcel upstairs?” He waits. “Okay, thank you.” He hangs up the phone. “You have a delivery.” For me? I haven’t ordered anything lately.

After a few minutes, we hear a knock at the door. Mike answers and receives an orange envelope, addressed to me. He puts it on the counter. “Open it,” I say. “I don’t remember ordering anything.” He picks up the scissors and cuts the envelope open. Inside is an entertainment magazine.

I open the magazine and am surprised to see Adam and me on the main page. Mike’s jaw drops. Everything from the past week is there, like a rolling film on paper. Pictures from the opera, pictures of us walking on the streets of Edmonton, pictures in the hotel lobby, pictures at the entrance to the Moores’ estate and then, Adam coming with me into my building. What the hell is this? I don’t even dare to read what they have written, but the snippets tell me that it's complete gossip. Mike sees my expression and grabs the magazine from me. He looks at the pictures and I assume he is reading it.

“What the fuck is this? Is it true you stayed with him in a single suite?” What? I wasn’t expecting Mike to ask me that. Is it written in the magazine? “You guys were staying together, Rania?” Mike still sounds shocked. I close my eyes furiously. I feel like running away and hiding in Adam’s arms, to avoid all the questions bombarding me. Baba! What will he think? Oh my God!

“It seems like someone is stalking you. Watching your every move. Does Gibson know about all this?” I shake my head in negation. I’m still in shock.

My phone buzzes in the middle of our conversation.

I am so bored here. I told you, you should have come. What am I supposed to say about what’s going on in the House of Commons? I’m hungry and don't feel like eating here. Miss your food. Can you cook for me? I’m coming home.

Home? Did he call my apartment his home? Oh shit! I didn’t expect he would be coming so early. He will definitely overreact, seeing Mike here. How can I ask Mike to leave without dinner? Think, damn it! I reply back instantly.

Dinner is already cooked. I have a guest. I hope you don’t mind dining with other people.

Within seconds, my phone starts to ring.

“You didn’t tell me you were inviting people for dinner,” Adam says, as soon as I pick up.

“It wasn’t planned. You can come. Dinner is almost ready. I’m setting the table now.”

“Who’s there?” He gets very concerned.

“No strangers. Come over and see for yourself.” Please Adam, don’t create
any drama.

“Hey, Rania, where do you want me to put this garlic bread?” Mike calls from the kitchen.

“Is Mike there?” Adam asks from the other end.

“Yes, he is. Come over. I’ve made lasagna.” I try to be as composed as I can, but I’m pretty sure from Adam’s huff that he is not comfortable with this at all.

“How long have you and Mike been alone?” He still sounds annoyed.

“Adam.” I roll my eyes. “Bring some sodas and orange juice. I will see you in a while.” I hang up the phone without listening to him further. I look toward the kitchen, where Mike is standing.

“Hey, we’re out of sodas and no beers, either. Let me get something to drink. It's unfair to eat this heavenly lasagna without a pop.”

“Adam is on his way. I’ve asked him to get drinks for us.” I speak hesitantly. Mike looks at me, speechless and open-mouthed.

“You called Richie rich, to come here?” Mike asks, astonished. I nod in affirmation. “Is he going grocery shopping for you?” I sigh in front of him and take the lasagna from the oven, ignoring him. I know he is watching me speculatively, but I’m in no mood to answer him. I have one more drama coming over to my place, which I will have to deal with soon. “So Richie rich is finally getting domestic, huh?” Mike is enjoying this. I fold my arms over my chest and look at him with annoyance. There’s too much going on at one time. Someone has been stalking me for a week. My life is printed in the papers. My dad is pissed at me. I have a best friend who keeps declaring his love. And I have a new man in my life, who is overly possessive and jealous of my best friend. What next?

I set everything on the table and ask Mike to join me. The lasagna is piping hot, so we both sit and wait for Adam to join us. I hear his knock at the door, and open it to find Adam holding a box of Coke cans in one arm and a bottle of orange juice in the other. He looks adorable doing domestic stuff.
“Hey, I missed you. The dinner was so boring. I had to escape.” He looks at me from head to toe, as if meeting me after years. I grab the juice bottle from him. “Is this the one you drink?” he asks. “I thought I saw that brand in your fridge.” He smiles and hangs his jacket in the closet. He even remembers the juice I drink.

I fix the collar of his shirt and smile at him. “Someone is looking really handsome in Armani.” I wink at him and head to the kitchen. I try not to ogle him, as he looks extremely sexy and highly edible in his black tuxedo, much more edible than lasagna. How can someone look so stunning? It’s so not fair to all the females. He follows me, and notices the magazine on the countertop.

“What the hell is this?” he says.

“I got this by mail, just a while ago,” I say blankly, while taking out the glasses from the upper cabinet.

He turns around and sees Mike. Mike walks toward him and looks at him in anger. “Can you tell me what this is about, Gibson?” Adam remains speechless. I didn’t see that coming, either. “Can you tell me why you are putting my friend’s life in the limelight?” I can see how furious Mike is. He knows the backlash this could cause if Baba sees it. “Someone has been stalking her for a week. Her every movement is being captured and you don’t see that coming? Are you blind or what?” He keeps firing questions at Adam.

“Mike, please.”

“You stay out of this, Rania. Let me talk to him man to man.” He ignores me and glares at Adam while Adam’s eyes are locked on the magazine. I am sure he didn’t know anything about it. Stupid reporters! “What is going on?”

“I’m sorry, I have to make a call.” Adam leaves the counter area.

“You are not running away, Mister,” Mike insists. I’ve never seen this side of Mike before.

“Listen, Mike, let me make a call. I will find out who’s stalking her.” Adam is not able to maintain eye contact with Mike.

“Better talk here. Put your phone on speaker. I wanna know what’s going on.” Mike crosses his arms over his chest. He is interrogating Adam like a typical cop. Now I see how he is at work.

Adam makes a call, and a guy picks up the phone. “Did you see Entertainment Weekly today?” Adam asks angrily.

“Yes, sir. I just found out that Ethan Murray had someone following your lady since she reached Edmonton.” I see Adam’s fist tightening with frustration. Oh God! Of all people, that asshole is the one after me. “He has hired a private photographer.”

Adam tries his best to control his anger. “How sure are you?”

“I stole the photographer’s laptop, sir. He had the pictures. And...” The guy stops.

“And...?” Adam prompts.

My heart skips a beat. “And there were many pictures just of her. Close-ups.”

“You have Murray’s laptop right now?” Mike interrupts.

“Sir, I stole the photographer’s laptop. But I am sure Ethan Murray has files too.”

“I want to see those files,” Adam says. “Send me copies immediately.” “Yes, sir. Right away.”

Adam ends the call.

“This is bullshit,” Mike shouts at him. Adam doesn’t answer. “I’m going to find out how this happened, and don’t you poke your nose in it.” He points at
Adam.

“Listen, Mike. I am as concerned as you are. But—”

“No buts, Gibson. If Ethan Murray—whoever that asshole is—finds out that you’ve hired an agent to go after him, do you think we’ll ever be able to find out his true motive?”

I get in between the two distraught men. “Mike, I know you worry about me a lot, but trust me, no one can get to me against my will.”

“Oh, cut out this crap about will, Rania. There’s a man who is watching your every move. We have no bloody clue how he’s planning to use the information. Are you getting what I’m trying to say here?” Mike’s sudden look sends chills of alarm through me. I bite my lip in fear, and possibly Mike is able to read my expression, so he doesn’t say any more because he knows I haven’t told Adam all the details of my past. “I will try to find out what this guy wants. But this has to remain between us.” Mike looks at Adam. “Just ask your agent to stay out of it for now. I’ll dig out the details in my own way.”

“He’s dead. I’m gonna kill that bastard,” Adam yells. “I don’t care what happens to me after that, but I’m going to kill him with my own hands.”

I try to soothe him. “Calm down, Adam. Please don’t overreact. You—”

He interrupts me. “Overreact? Do you have any fucking clue what he’s doing?” Adam looks at me with smoldering eyes. “And now your best friend blames me for everything.”

“I’m not blaming you. But let me handle it, okay? I’m working with the law, so don't get involved.” Mike looks at me. “Give me a day and I’ll find out everything, but ask Adam to stay out of it.”

Adam looks at Mike fiercely. “I can’t leave her alone, Mike.”

“I know that. I’m not asking you to leave her. All I’m saying is that stalking is considered a harassment crime.” Mike faces me. “Rania, has Murray ever tried to harass you physically?” I shake my dead in denial. “Has he tried to approach you? I mean through excessive phone calls or emails? Or left something at your door? Anything like that?” I shake my head again. “So basically all he’s doing is taking pictures of you secretly, and we can’t prove it unless we either find that photographer and get him to testify, or get Ethan’s laptop.” Mike makes sense. “It’s not a criminal harassment case yet. He was smart enough to only give the press the pictures with Adam in them. We can’t do anything about that because Adam is a well-known personality. The media have gossiped about Adam’s life, not yours.”

Mike faces Adam and looks directly in his eyes. “I can see, Adam, that you care about her, but I want you to stay out of this. Your interference will only create more problems.”

He looks back at me and continues, “Under the criminal code, we can only charge him if he trespasses on your property at night, assaults you, sends you threatening notices, or tries to intimidate you. So far, he hasn’t done anything illegal that we can prove. So let me watch him and I will update you guys, okay?”

I am so confused right now that I want to run for the hills. I can’t even breathe outside in the open air. I have no idea how far Ethan will go. Though I am trying to put Adam at ease, deep down inside I am scared, shit scared.

“Now everyone come to the table, please,” Mike says. “Lasagna doesn’t taste good if it’s cold, and my beautiful friend has put lots of effort into making it for us.” Luckily, I have a table for four, so we settle down with the men sitting on either side of me. Everyone is quiet. I see Adam controlling his frustration, but I have no idea what he is thinking right now. All I see in his eyes is too much worry for me. Why can’t he trust Mike?

I’m sure Mike will handle the situation in the best way. Finally, my best friend breaks the heavy silence.

“Mmm...” Mike says, as he takes a bite of lasagna. “Where are your hands?”

“Huh?” I look at him quizzically. Mike takes my hand and kisses it gently.

“Never miss an opportunity to kiss a woman who cooks for you. You are the best cook on this planet. God! I love this dish.” He takes another bite, like a famished beast. I giggle at him and look at Adam, who is looking daggers at him. Mike totally ignores Adam’s gaze. “Will you pack this up for me—I mean, the leftovers? Then I can have it for lunch too.”

Adam observes us, quietly. He looks as if he feels like a fish out of water— not part of the conversation. What's eating him?

“Don’t you like it, Gibson?” Mike asks him innocently.

As I take a sip of my juice, Adam looks at me and speaks. “I know she’s a wonderful cook. She made me lunch today, but I have other ways to thank and praise her. I will do it my way, once you leave.” With that, the juice gets stuck in my throat and I start coughing hard. I will do it my way. What the hell does that mean? Adam rubs my back and tells me to look up at the ceiling. Does he have any idea what he just said in front of Mike? What is he going to think of me? Mike doesn’t say anything, but I easily get the message from his eyes. I look down at my plate. Luckily, Mike changes the topic and shares a story about a woman who accused her man of having relationships with other women. His stories lighten up the atmosphere, making it easier for all of us to breathe.

With some of the jokes, I see Adam’s lips curving at the corners, bringing his beautiful smile to his face. I see the tension leaving him. I have Mike to thank for that. If he weren’t here, the situation could have gone out of control. How well he handled Adam, and me. He is definitely a true friend. We all finally start to talk about different topics, other than us.
“Have you ever thought of becoming a professional chef, Rania?” Adam asks me, out of nowhere. I scan Adam's expression, wondering if he’s kidding. “I would like to finance something in the food business. How about I open up a fancy restaurant and you be the head chef. Hire your own staff, train the people the way you cook. What do you say?” I blink at Adam's unexpected question, not sure what to say.

“That sounds awesome. I’ll be the first customer,” Mike interrupts with excitement.

“I haven't thought about it, Adam.” I look at both of them, back and forth. “I cook for pleasure. Never thought of it as a profession. I have no degree—”

“You have got flavor in your hands, baby. You know how to charge a taste bud and make someone crazy over your food.” Mike compliments me in his own way and looks toward Adam. “I agree with you, Adam. She should pursue this as a career. She is wasting this talent feeding us.” Mike winks at me. “Stop working with Dad. This is a real business. People won't stop eating till the world ends.” I laugh at Mike's witticism. Adam watches me intently, and they both wait for my response.

“Are you guys serious?”

“I am always serious with you, Rania. What makes you think I was joking?” Adam's heated gaze penetrates through my eyes, down to my stomach, giving me hard knots. There is no biological connection between eyes and stomach. How does he do it? Damn it!

“I never thought about it. But thanks for appreciating my dinner to that level.” I take a sip from my glass and smile at both the men for being so encouraging to me.

“Did you ask Ben about the holidays?” Adam changes the topic suddenly.

“No.” I look at Mike, and then back to Adam. “I didn’t get a chance after you left. I will ask him later.”

“Any message for Dad?” Mike looks at me with concern.

“No, thanks. I will speak to him myself,” I say in a low tone.

“Let him tell Ben. That’s fine.” Adam faces Mike. “Rania and I are taking off for two weeks. You just tell your father that she'll be back to work after Christmas.” He takes a sip and continues. “Anyhow, she hasn’t taken a vacation in years.”

Mike looks at me quizzically, searching for the truth in my eyes. “Are you guys going somewhere?”

“Yes and no.” Adam smiles, but looks at me. He takes my hand and continues. “Rania has promised to give me two weeks of her life. We’re not going out of town, just spending time with each other, to get to know each other better. Right, babes?” Babes? Is he doing this on purpose for Mike’s benefit? I see Mike’s jaw dropping with shock. He wasn’t expecting this. “So with all this trouble and tension, I guess this is the best time to escape and relax. What do you say, Rania?” Adam smiles at me with warm indulgence.

I have no other choice then to smile back at him hesitantly. I know Mike wants to talk to me in private, but I don’t know how it is going to be possible.

Adam doesn’t plan to leave tonight, and I don’t want him to go either. I’m as addicted to him as he is to me. I can’t even name this feeling. After Mike takes his last bite, he looks at me.

“Do you have anything for dessert?” He questions me like a child. I shake my head.

“Then let’s go for an ice cream.” He flashes his smile at me. I smile at Mike and then look at Adam for his answer.

“You already had lots of ice cream last night with Eva.” So is that a yes or no? I look back to Mike and he mouths silently, control freak. I purse my lips to stifle my laughter. I don’t want Adam to feel we are talking about him, in front of him.

“It seems like some people have calorie issues here.” Mike leans back in the chair. His phone rings, and he answers it. “Yes? Okay... hmm... all right... I’m on my way.” He ends the call and looks at me. “Duty calls, my love.” His look is annoyed. “I have to go, but you still owe me dessert. I’ll stop by one evening and we’ll go out.” He ignores Adam and kisses my forehead.

“Wait. Let me pack the lasagna for you, Mike.” I go into the kitchen with the dish, and Mike follows me.

“You didn’t tell me you were going on vacation with him.” Mike’s voice is just above a whisper. “He is a total control freak. How can you stand him?”

I look back to him, while taking out a storage box from the cabinet. “He’s a nice guy.”

“Hell yeah! Maybe he is, but don’t let him control you, Rania. He’s acting like your master or something.”

I laugh at Mike. “Oh God! You sound like it’s a BDSM relationship.”

“It looks like it to me, and I still don’t believe that he hasn’t touched you. He eats and drinks you, Rania.” He passes his fingers through his hair. “If he ever hurts you, will you let me know?” He takes me by the shoulders to get my attention.

“I will never hurt her, Mike,” Adam interrupts. He’s standing at the corner of the kitchen with his arms are crossed, leaning against the wall. Shit! How long has he been listening? “And I will not control her against her will.” Adam stands here calm and composed, watching both of us attentively. Mike moves away from me and picks up the storage box of leftovers.

“You better not. I have my eye on you, Gibson.” He looks keenly at Adam and then proceeds to the door. I ignore Adam’s gaze on me and follow Mike to say goodbye. He gives me a hug. It is always nice to hug him and feel the warmth and security of his arms.

I shut the door and head to the dining room to clear everything from the table. Adam still stands there, at the entrance to the kitchen, eyeing me speculatively. He finally moves, helping me clear the dishes. I load the dirty dishes into the dishwasher and clean up the mess. As I start to leave the kitchen, he blocks my way, looking at me in a very strange way. Mike is right; he is looking at me like he is drinking me. I avert my eyes from him, but his gaze still penetrates me as he moves closer. He cups my face with his hand, caressing my cheek with his thumb. Why do my knees always feel so weak when he touches me like that? Why doesn’t my body obey my mind? Damn me!

His touch makes it hard to breathe. He looks at me keenly, his green eyes burning like fire, ripping my existence apart, peeling off my clothes, tearing through my flesh and bones directly to my soul. He touches my lips with his thumb, rubbing my lower lip gently, sending hot threads of desire along every nerve.

“You know, Rania, you are like a fire.” He flicks his index finger gently on my face. My eyes close at his touch. “Open your eyes, Rania, I’m talking to you.” His voice is like a whisper, but heavy on my ears, breaking down my barriers, revealing the real woman in me. How can I open my eyes, if he keeps on touching me like this? I manage to look at him. “You are a fire,” he repeats. “I feel your warmth and compassion when I’m close to you, but when I touch you...” He pauses for a moment, touching my trembling lips with hunger, then continues, “When I touch you... I burn.” What kind of revelation is that? I don’t know what he is talking about. “You’re making me change my beliefs on worship. I am worshipping a fire. I enjoy the comfort, take the warmth; I obey this fire, but I can’t feel it because whenever I try to... I burn deeply and no one can see the scars. It’s so strange, isn’t it?” His lips move at the corners in a small smile. “You told me that only Jinn are made of fire. Though I truly don’t know if they exist or not, I know you’re not one of them. Who are you, then? Why do I burn, Rania?”

I look to the side, to avoid his consuming gaze. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, Adam.”

“You know bloody well what I’m talking about.” He rests his forehead on my shoulder. I am sure he can hear my heart, pumping so hard. He inhales. “A sweet intoxicating fragranced fire.” He speaks into my neck, making my whole nervous system shut down. His eyes are heavy. I haven’t seen this look before. I don’t know what he intends, but I’m getting frightened. “I know you feel what I feel. Your body responds to my touch, but your soul...” He nuzzles my neck, passing currents through my body. “I know you feel it, Rania, but I also know that there is something else blocking us. Something I can’t see. I feel the heaviness between us, every time I get close to you, as if some invisible force is pushing me away from you.” He closes his eyes for a moment, then continues. “I have a feeling you know what it is. Why won’t you trust me?”

Adam’s words diffuse in my blood like a drug. I feel my body crumbling into millions of pieces.

“I do trust you, Adam.” I look into his eyes with seriousness.

“No, you don’t, Rania. Not completely, the way it should be.” I realize Adam is miraculously turning all the hidden switches in my body. He has found the passage in my heart that I’ve never let anyone open. A passage that leads directly to my soul. Adam’s way of declaring his feelings is a bit different, but I know he is talking about the concept of soulmates. His soul is searching mine. And my soul... I don’t know where it is. I lost it a long time ago.

His eyes and his words tell me that he will find my soul someday, but it’s impossible for me to believe that he can ever be my soulmate. I didn’t think God created a soulmate for me.

“You should go home, Adam.” I put my hand on his shoulder, pushing him away, but I don't have the courage to look into his eyes and say it.

“This is my home, Rania. My home is where you are. I find peace here.” His voice is still full of warmth and passion. He speaks so low that I can hardly hear him.

“I mean your apartment. We need to get up early, if you want to see the museum. I have some work, too. Laundry and then prayers—”

“Are you kicking me out? You can do all that with me here. Do you really want me to leave?” I hide my face to avoid all the feelings crowding me. I know he will read everything from my face. I fall down on my knees, with my face hidden in my hands. The burden of his feelings is impossible for me to carry. He is holding my heart in his hand and there is nothing I can do about it.

Nothing.

He embraces me tightly and gently rakes his fingers in my hair, soothing me with his tender touch. “I’m not going anywhere. Like it or not, accept it or not, but I’m going to be your shadow, Rania. A shadow that doesn’t disappear at night.” He kisses my hair softly. How can I tell him that I love his touch so much? How can I tell him how I feel about him? He understands everything, without me saying a single word. He picks me up in his arms and takes me to my room. I feel my head resting on my pillow. He tucks me under the warm comforter and moves my hands away from my face. I close my eyes, avoiding his questioning gaze. He wipes the tears from my face and kisses me softly on the forehead.

“At least, now I know you need me as much as I need you.” His tender speech lets my eyes open. “You can tell me or not, but I sense there is a barrier between us. I know I almost push you over the edge when I try to find it—I’m never sure if you’re going to fall down or fly up, but sooner or later you need to go off that cliff.” He leans back on the other pillow and closes his eyes. “I don’t know what this feeling is, Rania, but it’s very strong.”

He gets up from the bed and heads to the washroom, leaving me speechless and bewildered.

I hear him starting the shower. Maybe he’s trying to relax. I feel that for every person, there comes a moment in life when he wants to break all the barriers and trust another person with everything, including his own life. I feel my moment has arrived, but I’m not sure if Adam is truly the right person to trust my life to and rely on completely.

What if I tell him and he doesn’t believe me, throwing my faith down the drain? How can I trust that he is actually the right person? And even if he is, what’s next? There can never be an us. We belong to different cultures and beliefs. Even if he believes my secrets, he cannot be my soulmate. It is impossible.

I see him coming out in his pajamas and T-shirt. He has marked his presence everywhere in my apartment. Anybody would think that he is living with me here, and he resides in my heart too. I want to give him my heart, body and soul, but I am too afraid of the side effects. I know his soul is searching for mine, but it is my soul that is wandering alone in the darkness.

He makes himself comfortable, relaxing on my bed, browsing his phone. He doesn’t look at me or talk to me, which I really appreciate. I guess he is trying his best to give me some space. I get up from the bed and prepare myself for prayers, asking God to open the doors for me to guide my life down the right path. When I finish my prayers, I see Adam’s eyes locked on me. He rolls over to face me.

“Can you ask your God to help me too?”

I smile at him. “He is your God, too. Why do you want me to ask, when you can ask yourself?”

“Because you are celestial, when you pray. I can see you talk to Him directly, and I am damn sure He is listening to you.”

“You called me fire, a few moments ago, and now I am celestial?”

“Yes! You amaze me every time.”

I ignore his comment and continue. “Why don’t you ask Him yourself?” I watch him getting confused.

“Why would He listen to a sinner?”

“Do you know the sin which makes you sad and repentant is more liked by God, than the good deed, which turns you arrogant?”[1] He blinks at me. I take a deep breath. “Don’t praise me so high, Adam. I am nothing like what you think.” I get up and take off my scarf, and sit on the other side of the bed. He rolls over again to face me once more.

“Do you think it’s a good idea to take public transport to the museum?” His sudden change of subject grabs my attention. “I mean, all the pictures and the news.”

I sigh and look at him. “Yes, you’re right. I will have to compromise on your luxury cars then.” I wink at him, and that makes him smile back at me.

He pats my pillow. “Grab your book reader and lie down. I have one thousand nights left to share.”

“You remember, huh?” I smirk at him and fetch my reader from my nightstand drawer.

“Of course, you’ve suspended your execution. I can’t hang you till you finish your magical stories.” Adam is back in his playful mood now. I feel so complete when he is cheery like this. “Can I take you to the doctor tomorrow? You stopped taking your prescription abruptly. That emergency doctor told me you would have to go back to your physician.”

“That’s all right, Adam. I am good without it.” I put my hand over his. “As long as my shadow is with me, I have no worries.” With my words, Adam pulls me toward him and settles me in the same position we were in last night. It is good I am not looking into his eyes. He tucks his head behind my shoulder and sniffs before he speaks.

“You are celestial, Rania. Your fragrance is divine. And it’s not just a perfume. It’s your fragrance. Every time I breathe you in, I travel to another world.” He inhales again deeply. He rubs my arms with his warm hands, very gently, his raw voice sending encoded messages to my soul. It is truly a miracle that I am not melting here. “Thank you for Mom. Thank you for pushing me to forgive her. I was tired of living with a grudge. I don’t know how you’re doing this, lifting all the heavy weights from my soul. I feel so much lighter.” He takes my hand, entwining his fingers with mine, and touches them to his lips. “Thank you for completing me.” He kisses my hand again. “And thank you for being... mine.” My heart starts to skip once more, and I am dead sure it can easily be heard. He melts me with his words... every time. The air in the room seems to suck away, and my breath gets shallow. Focus! Focus! Focus! Don't dwell in that world again, where his words take you.

I combat our awkward moment by opening my book reader to continue from where I left off last night. “Know then, O my lord, that whom my sire was King of this city...”

I carry on with my stories within stories, not sure when I close my eyes and dive into deep sleep.

***

When I wake up it is six-thirty, and still dark outside due to the long winter nights. The first thing I notice is Adam sleeping on my shoulder, his arm wrapped around me possessively. Oh no! This shouldn’t have happened. He seems to be in a deep, blissful sleep. How come I didn’t wake up when he put his arm around me? Why was I so dead to the world that I didn’t recognize his touch? And the nightmares? It feels like they were never a part of me. As if my demons can’t come close to him, due to his powerful soul. I watch him sleeping, feeling the desire he has ignited in me—is he a dream that will fade away with time, or is he my reality?

I wish I could freeze this moment and live in my fantasy, where no past stabs me to death, where I can feel Adam’s touch connecting to the real woman in me—a woman who was brutally murdered in the past. The angels on my shoulders writing my fate fail to communicate with me when it comes to Adam.

I slide from his arm gently, trying not to disrupt his sleep. I rush to the washroom and change my clothes, then start my prayers, asking forgiveness from God that I let Adam touch me. I let him get close to me even though it is not permissible in my religion, if he is not my husband. I don’t promise to repent because I don’t know if I can keep from letting him come close to me.

Oh God! Please help me. Only You can guide me. If he is the right man to trust my life to, then open all the doors for me. Untie all my ropes and clear all the barriers that are blocking me from trusting him. If You have sent him to protect me, then show me the light which can guide me to decide my own fate. If he is not the man to trust, then why did You send him into my life? Why did You put so much concern and care about me into his heart? Oh God! I seek forgiveness for letting myself surrender to him. Please show me the path. Amen.


When I open my eyes, I see Adam looking at me keenly. He smiles as soon as our eyes meet. He looks adorably sexy with his mussed morning hair. I close my eyes again and utter a silent prayer.

Oh God! If he is not the right guy then do not let my heart fall for him. Please! Please!

“A very good morning to you, my dear.” I hear Adam’s sleepy voice.

“Good morning. You slept well?”

He passes his fingers through his hair. “Never slept so well in my life. I am thinking of moving in with you. What do you say?”

“Mr. Gibson, moving in with me? In this small, one-bedroom apartment?” I ask in surprise, smirking at him.

“This is a haven. It is home. And don’t tease me with my name. It sounds like mockery.” He is actually laughing. “And if I’m sleeping and eating here every day, I better bring my stuff.” I am not sure if he is joking or if he’s really serious. I can’t let him move in with me. It is such a huge step. We are not even in a relationship. He crawls into my mind conveniently and reads my expressions. “So I’m not welcome in my haven?”

“Don’t you want to go? The earlier we reach the museum, the better it is.” I change the subject, ignoring his desires.

He rolls back and rests his head back on the pillow. “Isn’t it too early? It’s not even eight in the morning. I want to rest longer. Your place is very comfortable, Rania. Though it is small, it gives me a homely feeling every time I come here.” I don’t know what brings him to my place. What do I have that isn’t in his lavish home? He rolls over again to face me. “You know, Rania, sometimes money doesn’t buy everything.”

“But it is better to cry in a Ferrari, than on a bike.” I wink at him, cracking a joke. He laughs at my response.

“But, don’t you think it’s even better to cry in somebody’s arms, rather than a Ferrari or a bike?” His tone gets serious. I know where he is leading me. “You know I have all the luxuries at my place, all the amenities—you name it, and I have it. I have invested a lot of time and money to build that place, but somehow I don’t feel complete when I go there, like the feeling I get when I come here. What do you think is missing?”

I look at him for a moment, and then smile. “I haven’t seen your place, Adam, but I believe it is your heart that you forgot to put there. I guess you are placing your heart here. That’s why you feel like it’s home.” He keeps looking at me in silence. I don’t know if he actually got what I was trying to tell him. I get up from the floor, folding my prayer mat, and he takes my hand and makes me sit on the bed.

“My heart is where you are, Rania. Wherever you go, it will go with you.” He takes my breath away with his declarations. How can he say such strong words, in such a simple way, without making it complex? Is this called a declaration of love? No, we can’t fall in love with each other.

It is impossible.

If he is moving in that direction, I will have to stop him before it is too late for both of us. That path has no u-turn; it is a one-way road leading us to the darkness. I am already lost. I don’t want this good soul to wander in the darkness with me.

“I’ll go and prepare breakfast.” I drop his hand and head to the kitchen.
