“The property we purchased last year has made us an enormous profit.” My lawyer, Tom McKenzie, clinks his champagne glass with mine.

“Toast to the Abyss resorts,” I reply. “The northern Ontario market is booming—higher than our expectations. We should look for more land to build high-end luxury resorts. I want Americans to come and spend money at our properties, rather than roaming around in their own country.”

I glance at the doorway and my heart stops beating. I feel that time has halted too, as she enters the room. She looks so fucking amazing. She is looking around like an innocent child who has entered a magical kingdom for the first time. But the truth is, all the magic is in her. She looks like a beautiful Christmas present, wrapped in a demure red lace dress, a holiday treat I would want to hold on to forever.

Fuck! How does she know I have a thing for lace?

I watch her heading toward Ben Dynham. He asks her something and looks at his watch. She’s almost an hour late. I want to ask what took her so long, but it’s better to ask Ali later on. I texted her a few hours ago but got no response, which in itself is an untold message. Men are gazing at her like hawks; I feel like kicking all of them out of this party. A man approaches her, asking for a dance. She refuses. I’m pleased that I am not the only one being turned down.

What am I? A fucking teenager?

A few minutes later, some other prick asks her for a dance. Then another, and a few minutes later another.

I should start counting.

I smile in my head. I actually get interested in finding out how many men she will reject tonight. Among the three hundred guests, no woman is as captivating and enticing as she is. I am too afraid to try my luck. She finally sees me, and excuses herself from the conversation she’s in to come over and say hello.

“Hi.” She offers a handshake with a charming smile. For the first time, in all those dazzling lights, I notice she has dimples on both cheeks.

I realize I’ve never seen them before because she’s never smiled at me like this. My heart starts beating like a drum. I hope she can’t hear it.

“You look...” I check her out from head to toe, but fail to find the appropriate words. “You look... beautiful... very magnetic... I—”

“Thank you, Mr. Gibson, for your hospitality. And thank you for sending your special man to pick me up.” She looks around nervously at the other guests.

“The pleasure is all mine, Rania. And please remember my name. It’s Adam.” That seems to make her more nervous. We are interrupted by a butler carrying a champagne tray. “Would you like something to drink, Rania? We have some special—”

“I am sorry, I don’t drink,” she interrupts, looking at the butler.

“Sure. Any juice? Water?” I pause. ”Tea?” She smiles and shakes her head, as she remembers what I wanted her to remember.

“No thank you, Mr. Gibson... umm... I mean, Adam. I don’t feel like having anything. I will certainly ask if I need something later. Thanks for offering, though.” She gives me another smile, and then avoids eye contact.

So, she is shy!

The music changes in the background and I see lots of people moving on the dance floor. She admires the couples dancing, unaware that I am admiring her.

“Your fragrance...” will screw me one day. I close my eyes to breathe and open them to continue, “...heavenly.” She gives me a bashful smile and looks past my shoulder. “Rania, if you don’t mind, can I ask for a dance with you?” I ask her hesitantly and prepare myself for the rejection. Don't say no, don't say no. I recite the mantra in my head.

“Sure. My pleasure.” She smiles at me, but the smile is not reaching her eyes. She’s acting different tonight. She’s talking to me with normal eye contact, and her attitude is friendlier than this morning. She puts her gold clutch on one of the tables and follows me to the dance floor.

I put one hand behind her curvy waist and hold her hand with the other. Her other hand rests on my shoulder.

“Mr. Gibson, I should warn you in advance. I don’t know how to dance. If I trip—”

“Seriously? Who are you kidding, Rania?” I ask her impishly. She looks away, but doesn’t say anything, so I continue. “I won’t let you fall.” I wish I could tell her that I know she dances well. She has been taking classes every day. She is shy and hesitant, so she looks at my shoulder.

“Thank you for saving me today. I am sorry I was rough on you. I shouldn’t —”

“You like sparkles?” I interrupt her, and she looks up at me, not expecting the question.

“Yes... how do you—”

“It’s obvious. Your jewelry, your watch, your dress, everything has a bit of sparkle. You look very alluring.”

“You already mentioned it, Mr. Gibson. Thank you.” She glances at me once before averting her eyes.

“Don’t you like to be complimented?” I ask her gently.

“Who doesn’t?” She smiles at me. “But false acclaim leads nowhere.”

“You think I’m lying? You don’t realize how beautiful you are?” My question concerns me too. I lean closer to her and whisper Lorenz Hart’s phrase into her ear. “Bewitched, bothered and bewildered am I.”

Is she really unaware of it?

She smiles and shakes her head.

“Seventeen men approached you for a dance, and you doubt your attractiveness?”

“You were counting?” She laughs with an open heart, like an innocent child. The sound fills my heart with contentment.

“Actually... yes, I was counting. I saw you rejected the first three, and so I entertained myself by counting the number of heartbroken men.”

She keeps laughing, as if I have actually cracked a joke.

“I didn’t know you had a sense of humor.” She wipes a tear of laughter from her eye.

“You think I’m joking? No, seriously, there were seventeen.” She continues chuckling, but this time the smile reaches her eyes. “On a serious note, can I ask you something?”

She purses her lips to stop laughing, and concentrates on my words.

“Yes please, Mr. Gibson. No one has made me laugh like this in a long time. Please ask.” I still see the sparkle in her eyes.

“I noticed you keep men at arms’ length. I mean, strangers. I am still a stranger to you, so I was wondering why you agreed to dance with me.” She looks up at me. The smile is gone from her lips and eyes. “It’s okay if you don’t want to tell me.”

“Oh no, Mr. Gibson. I don’t think you would like to hear the truth!” She starts to look nervous and gazes around the room, avoiding my eye.

“What is it, Rania? Are you hiding something?” What is she trying to say? 

“You really want to know why I accepted your offer?” I nod, and she
continues. “Can I trust you with the truth?”

“Please, tell me. I won’t say a word. Trust me.” I follow her gaze as she looks toward Ben. He’s watching us dance.

“Your propositions have seduced my boss... leaving no choice for me...” She takes a deep breath. ”If I dared to refuse you... he is afraid you might...”

She looks down at the floor, her expression sad.

“I might sever my verbal commitment?” I finish what she left unsaid. Fucking bastard!

I curse Ben Dynham at this moment. She’s still looking miserably at the floor. I feel my heart sinking in a giant ocean of emotions. All the time, she was smiling because of my fucking power. I stop dancing and release her. She looks like her pride has been torn in millions of pieces; I didn't know my wealth could crush someone like that. I don’t know what to say.

“I am sorry, Mr. Gibson, I didn’t—” She trembles with fear, but still, she manages to innocently reach her hand toward me to continue the dance.

“No, Rania. Please, I’m the one who is sorry. You should have told me earlier.” I step back and pull my hands away from her. She looks at her boss nervously, and I see him watching us. Don’t get her in more trouble.

I take the phone from my pocket and pretend I’ve received a call. She stands here, looking scared. I fake a smile and make an excuse to leave the dance floor. She stands there for a moment, then goes back to where she left her clutch and leans on the back of a chair, trembling. I want to hold her in my arms and comfort her, but I understand she needs some space. She picks up her clutch and heads toward the doorway.

Is she leaving?

She didn’t even eat anything. If I stop her at the doorway, Ben will notice, and I don’t want to create any more trouble for her. Instead, I choose wireless technology to communicate with her.

I am unable to find the words to apologize. I’m sorry to have put you in this position. I never wanted our first dance to end this way. Yet, I feel honored that you put your trust in me. I will never break it. Thank you, and sorry. Please stay for dinner. Adam.

I join the people at the bar, who are busy having drinks. My eyes are locked on the main door, hoping she will come back. I shouldn’t have backed out of the dance like that. But she was dancing with me against her will. She refused to dance with other men because there was no power involved; she was free to make her own decision. In my case, no one asked her what she wanted. I can’t even go and ask Ben why he asked her to do such a thing. That would create more problems in her office. I remember Ali telling me that her apartment belongs to Ben. It means there is more between them than just a boss-employee relationship.

I check my phone again, to see if I have missed a reply from her. Then I see her coming back inside. She looks my way, still holding some sadness in her eyes, but her fear is gone. We gaze at each other silently, sharing unspoken secrets. I see her eyes thanking me for my actions, and my eyes are apologizing for her heartache. I call a server and ask him to go and offer her something to drink. She looks at me again and I clink my glass from a distance. She picks up an orange juice and offers me the same gesture. I watch her taking a seat with some women I don’t know.

Ali stands beside me and watches me watching her.

“I have never seen such innocence in my life. And this alarming beauty...” I sigh deeply.

“Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.” I notice he is holding a business document. He follows my eyes, and puts the paper in his pocket. He is intelligent enough not to ask me anything regarding work right now. “Apart from elegance, she carries intelligence as well.” Ali faces the bar, asking for a drink. He takes a sip from his glass and continues. “You were right, Adam. She is not like other women you have been... umm... dealing with in the past. You'll have to work really hard.” Ali looks at his glass intently while speaking to me. I turn around completely to face the bar. I’m offered another drink. “I saw you made her laugh. You are going to hit the news tomorrow.” Ali smirks behind his glass. “Toronto’s most eligible bachelor is finally captivated.” I shake my head and continue with the drink. “By the way, I found out who her boyfriend is. I mean the young cop.” He puts his glass down and looks at me seriously. I wait for him to continue. “He is Mike Dynham. Son of Ben Dynham.”

Apart from being her boss, Ben is her boyfriend’s father? The way Mike was watching Rania, there was a marry-me request in his eyes. She is living under his roof. But if Mike intends to marry her in the future, then why is Ben pushing Rania toward me? Is he nothing but a beast, a person who can’t see his son’s emotions? Then how would I expect him to consider Rania? Fucking bastard.

I still wonder if Rania and Mike are in a live-in relationship. But if that were the case, then why would Rania be the one paying rent? Ali’s limited information is enough for me to understand Rania’s position. She’s doing Ben a favor because of Mike. I turn around and cock my head to glance toward her. She’s busy talking to some people. I put my glass on the table and look at Ali.

“I have to make an announcement. Excuse me.” I leave the bar and head to the stage, picking up the microphone.

“Ladies and gentlemen! May I have your attention please?” The conversation dies down and everyone looks at me, including Rania. “I thank everyone who honored us by your presence here tonight. I hope you are all having a good time. Dinner will be served shortly. But before that, I would like to surprise all of you with a special performance. I recently learned that most of the people around us are already in a festive mood.” I look toward Rania. Her mouth is open in surprise. “But there is something I would like to mention before the entertainment starts.” I pause for a moment. “We light our homes and our surroundings at night during this season, yet we forget to light our hearts, which remain in the darkness. Someone told me a very nice thing, which I will remember always. The lights at night tell us that no matter how much darkness there is, only the light can dispel it. Thank you all. Please enjoy the evening.” I put the microphone down and hear people clapping all around the ballroom. I watch Rania’s expression, and she looks completely baffled. I decide not to approach her right now, so I take another route and stand beside Ali to wait for the surprise.

Black curtains drop behind the stage, providing a backdrop. As soon as the music starts, twelve young girls appear, dressed in light pink dresses with pink masks over their eyes, and begin to dance. The black background curtains are covered in stars and sparkles, providing a magical experience for the audience. The lights in the ballroom dim, to enhance the shine of the stars onstage. The sparkles remind me to look at Rania instead of watching the performance. She is engrossed in it, tapping her feet to the music. It warms my heart to see how much she loves the dancing. I’d arrange the whole performance just to see that look on her face. I’m glad she decided not to leave, even though she didn’t answer my text.

I walk toward her just as the music is about to end. I want to ask her if she liked it. I want to hear her words, see if the dance brought some joy to her sad eyes. When I get close enough to read her eyes, I see tears streaming from them. I stand frozen, unable to take another step. Her tears draw a boundary all around her, an unapproachable territory. If I dared to cross that boundary, I would likely get burned. She looks down for a moment and wipes her tears with her napkin, then looks around to see if anyone noticed. She doesn’t know I’m the only one who can’t see anything except her. She glances once again at the crowd, and heads for the main door to escape.

What the fuck just happened?

Everyone else is busy applauding the mesmerizing performance, but my eyes keep following her. She cuts through the crowd and exits. I follow her blindly, ignoring the people trying to talk to me about the performance. I desperately want to know what made her cry. I wanted to see joy in her eyes, yet I’ve made another blunder and grieved her once again. Luckily, I catch her in the lobby.

“Rania, I won’t ask what made you cry, as I believe it would be too personal, but I am extremely sorry if I’ve done anything wrong, anything disrespectful.”

“No, please.” She looks at me strangely. “Please, don’t apologize again and again, when you haven’t done anything. It is very embarrassing.”

“I didn’t mean to embarrass you,” I whisper politely.

“I should be the one to say sorry.” She shakes her head and closes her eyes in despair.

“Why are you sorry? About our dance? Trust me, it’s okay! In fact, I’m delighted that you trusted me.” I pause for a moment and then continue. “But about that performance, I saw you crying. I thought that you enjoy watching and doing dance. I thought it would please you.”

“How do you know?” She looks up at me. “How do you know I dance, or that I like dance?” She keeps looking in my eyes, and it’s my turn to avoid her gaze.

“Remember... you called me a stalker this afternoon and...” I look up at her with a smile. Our eyes meet and we burst into laughter together. I still see tears in her eyes, but she is better than a few minutes ago.

“I would like to know someday how your secret spying agency works.”

I would like to tell you, someday, how I feel about you. I speak in my head but can’t let her know what I’m thinking.

“Adam, I want to go home now.” She requests it so gently that it almost melts my heart.

“The dinner is being served. You haven’t eaten anything. You can’t leave without dinner.”

“Thanks for asking, but I don’t think I feel like eating anything right now. Please allow me to go home.” Her humble plea makes me speechless for a moment. I have no right to keep her here, but I want to be close to her. I want to take away her tears, make her laugh like she did when she was dancing with me.

“If that’s what you want, then I won’t force you,” I say, looking into her eyes. She’s left me no choice. “Come, I will drop you home.” I guide her toward the exit.

“No, thanks. You are the host of the party. Please don’t bother. I will get a cab.”

“No, Rania. You are not going in a cab, and I would appreciate it if you don’t argue anymore about this.” My tone is a bit harsh and she looks fearful again.

“Thanks for your concern, but you should join your party. Ben must be looking for you.”

“If that’s the case, then I must go.” I know the greedy bastard is waiting for me. “But I will ask Ali to give you a ride. It’s almost ten, and too late for you to use public transport.” She stays quiet, but nods in agreement. I call Ali and ask him to join us in the lobby. “I still owe you dinner, by the way,” I murmur, as if I’m talking to myself. She hears me and peeks at me with surprise. “You’re leaving without eating anything.” I look up and discover a beautiful smile waiting for me.

“You are a good host, Adam.” Her praise affects me like a warm breeze in the harsh snow.

“Thanks for the compliment, but I would really like to take you out for dinner. Perhaps tomorrow night?”

“Tomorrow?” I realize it’s still too soon to ask her. “I have some plans tomorrow, but—”

“Oh yes, I forgot. With Mike, of course.” I glance around to distract myself from the discomforting idea of Mike sitting beside her, having a romantic dinner.

We both remain silent until Ali appears to break the ice. “Ali, please give Miss Rania a ride and make sure she reaches home safely.” Ali looks at us both quizzically.

“Certainly, Mr. Gibson.” I give him a secret we-will-talk-about-it-later look. I glance back to her.

“Where did you put your jacket?”

“I gave it to the coat check lady.” She opens her clutch and takes out the claim check.

“I will bring it.” Ali excuses himself and leaves to get her jacket.

Before we get a chance to say anything, Ali comes back. I take the jacket from him and help her into it. Her jacket is ash-gray, and the style complements her body. It has her fragrance, too. She hands me her clutch while she buttons it. Ali wisely stands at a distance, to give us a chance to exchange good-byes.

“Thanks for the wonderful evening, Adam.”

“Wonderful?” Really! I give a wicked smile. She understands it very well. She looks down shyly.

Damn me! I embarrassed her again.

“I should leave now. Thank you. Good night.” She steps back and waits for
my response. Say something, you fucking dimwit, before she leaves!

“Good night, Rania.” I also step away from her, and watch her leaving the
lobby with Ali. You are such a dumb ass, Gibson.

I join the party again. There are many people waiting for me, from business associates to paparazzi. They all talk to me with interest and take pictures of me, but my mind is somewhere else. I respond to everyone with yes and no answers. No one has the slightest idea what’s on my mind.

You threw the party for her and she left without eating anything. How could you eat now?

I realize that she’ll be going home with an empty stomach. I text Ali, asking him to get something for her to eat, with her permission, before dropping her off. The party is supposed to end at midnight, and I’m disappointed she left so soon. I wanted to be with her, but she reminded me of my damn position, which forces me to be here with a bunch of brainless people.

I divert my mind to the business conversation, as thinking about her is not profitable. I can still feel her in my arms, see the way she cried and opened up to me; it was far more exhilarating than any million-dollar deal. After so much trouble, I was able to give her comfort, though it was just for a moment. I want to know so much about her that even if I spent my whole fortune trying to dig out information, I wouldn’t be able to find it all. Everything is in her heart, and my power fails there.

What had happened to her that brought tears to her eyes? Whom did she remember when she saw the dance? People are still talking to me, and I am lost in thoughts of her.

“Hey, Mr. Gibson. I was looking for you.” I turn around and find myself facing Ben Dynham.

“Good evening, Mr. Dynham. Thank you for coming.” I fake a smile, and curse him in my heart. It’s all because of you, you prick.

“It’s a wonderful party, Mr. Gibson. We all want to thank you for the lovely welcome dinner. I look forward to our prosperous business relationship.” The bastard can’t talk about anything besides business. He doesn’t care if his son’s girlfriend was crying in my arms a while ago. “I was looking for you to personally thank you for your hospitality, but I guess you got busy with something.” I know what you want to ask, you greedy monster. He’s waiting for me to say something, but he doesn't have the balls to ask where Rania is.

“Oh yes, I went to see off Miss Ahmed. She wasn’t feeling well.”

“She left? So soon?” he asks me with surprise, pretending he doesn’t know.

“Yes, she asked my pardon for leaving early, and I sent her home safely in my car.” Don’t be hard on her, you moron. He reads my expression, but he’s lucky he can’t read my mind. I swear to myself, if he even thinks of pushing her at me one more time against her will, I will take his balls off. Ben Dynham smiles back at me with an expression that says he has found out everything he wants to know from me.

I don’t notice when Ben leaves. I’m too busy wondering if Ali has asked her about the dinner. Ali knows how to deal with women, but this time, it is my woman and it would be hard on his nerves too.

Yes, my woman.

I close my eyes for a moment to picture her in my head, and my phone
distracts me with a text message.

I have no doubts about mentioning once again that you are a good host. Thank you for the dinner. Your special man was kind enough to let me know that you wanted me to eat something. I appreciate your concern. I am enjoying my chocolate shake right now, but I would like to let you know that I have reached home safely. Thank you for what you did and for everything you tried.

Rania

I stand frozen, reading her message again and again. So she did realize that I was trying something. She did get my hidden messages, which I couldn't say due to her innocence. Ali is right. She is intelligent, besides having the beauty of a goddess. Suddenly, I feel lighthearted. I see people noticing that I’m smiling to myself.

What am I? Fourteen?

I take the corner seat at the bar and start typing.

Your praise has actually made me believe that the light exists. I am able to see it now. But a chocolate shake is not a dinner. I still owe you one.

I wait for her message eagerly, like a child waiting for candies. I don’t even notice when the bartender hands me a drink. My phone vibrates again with her text.

What if I say, I owe you a dinner?

I look at her message dubiously. People around me are talking to me; I have no fucking clue what I’m saying. My mind is on the wireless ride. I can’t understand her last message.

What do you mean you owe me?

I wait for her reply. It takes forever. After ten minutes, I receive her response.

You were very kind today... and understanding. I want to thank you. Would you give me the honor of being your host? I will try to be a good one.

What? Is she inviting me for dinner?

I can’t believe my luck. I jump from my seat in excitement, which startles everyone around me. Is she joking? Or playing games with me?

Calm down, Gibson! You are not a fucking adolescent.

I decide to cut the crap of sending messages and waiting for them endlessly, so I call her.

“Excuse me, gentlemen. I need to make an urgent call.” There’s too much noise in the party hall, so I escape to the lobby. I dial her number with my heart pumping frantically.

After three rings, I hear her beautiful voice. “Hello.”

“Hi. This is... umm... this is me.” You don’t have a name, moron? “I hope I didn’t disturb you.” I can hear the hesitation in my voice. The oh-so Mr. Confidant is finally shaky and nervous.

“No, you didn’t. But you surprised me. Your party is over?” I can hear her sipping her chocolate shake. She can do magic with her voice too.

“No, the party is still going on. Listen! Are you playing some game with me?” I’m trying really hard to conceal my nervousness.

“Game? What game?” She sounds surprised. Oh no! Please don’t hang up the phone.


“Your last text. I couldn’t understand it. That’s why I called—”

“Oh, really? I thought you were intelligent enough to decode messages.” She interrupts me, and from her tone I can sense she’s smiling too. She’s in a lighthearted mood.

So, she is playing games.

I remain silent, as I don’t know what she has in mind.

She continues, “Adam, you have been really kind to me today. I have been thinking about...” She pauses for a moment and then continues hesitantly, “...us and I found myself at fault. You proved to be a perfect host tonight, and I escaped from there like a fool.”

“That’s all right, Rania. It was your wish not to stay. I had no right to ask you —”

“No, please, Adam. Let me finish what I have to say.” Her voice warms me through the phone. “I don’t want you to think that I am some rude, self- centered girl. It’s just that I am not comfortable with strangers. This morning when you asked me out, I didn’t know what to say, as I never expected that. I didn’t know how to deal with you, so I escaped. I am still surprised that you wanted to see me again after my rude behavior. Yet, you found another way to meet me and arranged a party.” She pauses for a moment. I hear her breathing. So, she knows I threw the party for her. “I am not blind, Adam. I can see your kindness and... feel it too. But what I don’t get is that even when I was not good to you, you were there when I needed a shoulder to cry on. I never thought I could cry in front of a stranger... I—”

“You still consider me a stranger?” We are not strangers, Rania. We were never meant to be.

“I don’t know. I just want to say I am very sorry about my rudeness. And I want to make it up to you. I know you went to a great deal of trouble for me and I left the party in the middle, without saying why. You were kind enough to understand me. I have no words to thank you.”

“You don’t need to thank me, please.” It is not me who is kind; it is you, who has a tender loving heart.

“No, Adam. Please let me thank you. Let me be a good host. I know it is not enough to reciprocate, but I really want to invite you for dinner. If you can take some time out of your busy schedule... on Sunday evening?”

What? Is she serious? Is she inviting me?

Of course, it’s just a dinner, but at least I can hope for more. You don’t need to ask. I smile from the other side of the phone.

“Rania... I really don’t know what to say. I am... awed. I feel honored that you’re asking me. But please, let’s make it the other way around. I would like to take you to dinner.”

We both pause for a moment. As soon as I think of saying something, she interrupts me.

“But I want to thank you.”

“You don’t have to thank me for anything, Rania, but if that’s what you wish, we will meet at the place of your choice. You can offer me your hospitality there.” I can't stop smiling, and I feel she is too.

“Please, Adam. Don’t complicate it. It would be on me. And you need to choose the place. I don’t know what kind of food you like.”

“I will eat anything you want me to. Whatever pleases you, pleases me.” I imagine her cuddled up in bed, wearing her nightdress. I wish I could have seen her when I made her smile.

“Thank you, Adam. I will text you the address tomorrow. We will meet there at seven in the evening.” I don’t want this conversation to end so soon.

“If you don’t mind, can I pick you up from your place?” I feel the nervousness in my voice, and I am sure she hears me too.

“I can come by myself. Please don’t bother.”

“If you are not comfortable with the idea, I will send Ali to give you a ride. But please, no cabs or subways. Consider it a way of thanking me, if you really want to.” I am literally bargaining with her. Is this some kind of a business deal?

She pauses for a moment, thinking. “But then, how would you get there?”
“Rania, I own more than one car,” I murmur. I hear her giggling on the other end.

“Of course, I almost forgot. I am talking to Mr. Gibson.” Her innocent giggles gladden my heart too. I see people passing by giving me strange looks. No one has ever seen me smiling over a phone call. She continues with a hint of humor in her voice. “All right then, I will see Ali at seven on Sunday. If not tomorrow, then I will text you the address on Sunday afternoon.” She is still sipping her chocolate shake.

“I’ll wait for your message, Rania.” And you don’t know how desperately I’m waiting to see you again. How will I pass these forty-eight hours? Rania, you’re sending me to an endless journey of time.

“Good night, Adam.” Say something, you moron.
“Good night, Rania.” Fuck me!

She disconnects the line, leaving me with hope. A hope of a journey to a magical kingdom with my enchantress.
