“Please don’t hurt me. Please don’t hurt me. No... stay away from me.” She was crying in pain but he was all over her, touching her everywhere, hurting her everywhere, torturing her everywhere.
 
“You frigid girl. You are as cold as ice. You are nothing but a wasted piece of dead meat. When will you learn to warm your husband’s bed?” He was drunk, pouring dirty words in her ears. 

She tried to push him away. “I am your wife. Please have some mercy. I am having your baby.” 

“My baby? A whore carrying my baby? I saw you talking to someone in my bedroom and you say you are the mother of my child, you hooker. Come here, you bitch, I want to fuck you so hard that you will forget everything other than your husband.” He pulled her by her hair over to the bed. “You fuck other men behind my back, and you defy your own husband. Where is that asshole, you whore?” 

“Please don’t call me that. Show some respect. I swear there was no one in the room. I swear on my baby. If you think you made a mistake by marrying me, then free me.” She was trying hard to breathe. 

“Free you? You think I will leave you so soon? I married a fool. I thought you'd bring wealth to me. You betrayed me. All you brought with you is this shit dead body with no heart.” 

He slapped her hard in the face. She was crying in pain, trying to catch her breath. 

“I will not give you my money for your drugs and other women—” She twisted away from him and tried to get to the door. 

He grabbed her. “Where the fuck do you think you are going? You dead shit —” 

“No, let me go. You are hurting me... ah...” She cried out, but there was no one to hear her. No one to come to her rescue. A man was fucking her hard, bruising her body, crushing her soul. She had no escape. She cried from her eyes and from her heart. 

She didn’t complain, as she knew she was cursed. 
It is a beautiful Saturday morning. I wake up with a smile on my face; my conversation with Adam last night was quite interesting. I feel better that I made him realize that my leaving was not because he was a poor host.

The street outside my apartment is crowded with people going about their usual Saturday morning activities. Since the sun is out, I decide to go for a run.

There are many people in the main lobby. They are all smiling at me. That’s strange!

I ignore all the smirks and head outside. I turn on some music on my iPhone, put in the earbuds, and start running. A number of people stare at me as I pass. I glance down at my clothes, but nothing is out of the ordinary that I can see.

So many people are staring at me that I start to feel uncomfortable, and I finally quit my run and head back to my apartment. I am hungry, since my only dinner last night was the chocolate shake. As I eat a bowl of cereal I think about the coming weekend. It will be challenging, but I’m looking forward to it, especially spending time with Mike. Before he went away to his training, we saw each other almost every weekend, and I got really bored while he was away. He was always there to bring laughter to my life, cracking jokes and telling me about the people he encountered working as a cop. He’d even tell me about the criminals he interrogated. I love hearing his real-life stories.

And yes, there is Sunday evening to look forward to. I am giving Adam a chance. In one day, he has shown me so much kindness. I’ve never met a man like him. With everything the media has said about him, being a womanizer and all, he never treated me like that. I am surprised that he didn’t overreact when I told him that Ben pushed me into dancing with him. I hadn’t expected him to be so understanding.

I remember I promised to text him the location where we should meet. I haven't decided on the restaurant yet. It’s hard for me to afford the kind of fancy restaurant a rich man like him is used to, and I don’t know what kind of food he prefers. Whatever pleases you, pleases me. What does that mean? Is he trying to say that he trusts my choice, or is he trying to tell me something else?

After breakfast, I decide to walk down the lane to Indigo Bookstore to check out the latest books. Meanwhile, I open my phone to send Adam the address of the restaurant. I’m nervous, though I shouldn’t be. It is not a date. Opening my phone, I am surprised to find a text message from him.

Time seems to be at a standstill. I am wondering if you know how to maneuver it. I look forward to seeing you. Thank you for putting your trust in me. Adam.

The message was sent around three in the morning. He was awake at that hour? Thinking about me? I smile to myself. Adam is very unpredictable. Within a single day, he has showered me with so much emotion, it is getting hard for me to endure.

I decide it’s better not to think about it anymore, so I search for the restaurant and text him the address.

Time waits for no one, you have to catch it, rather than waiting for it to pass by. I will see you tomorrow.

I head out to the bookstore. A cold rain has started falling, so I’m glad the store is only a ten-minute walk away. As I walk, I encounter the same gazes and whispers as earlier.

I know there’s nothing strange about my looks; I checked myself before leaving. But something is going on. I walk faster.

The bookstore is quiet and peaceful, not at all crowded. I pass the newsstand and I see a familiar picture in the paper.

SHIT!

The front page is filled with pictures of Adam and me. The headline reads: TORONTO’S BACHELOR CAPTIVATED. One of the pictures is from the meeting yesterday morning. I certainly remember that. But there is another picture of us sitting on the bench at the parade, Adam holding me by my elbow, looking at me with his intense eyes. There is a caption under the picture.

Adam Gibson spotted on Friday afternoon near Santa’s parade with his newest conquest.

How the hell did they get this one? It must have been taken right after my near-accident. I hadn’t noticed anyone taking our picture.

There is one more picture of us with a surprising caption. Toronto’s most elite bachelor is bewitched, and in an utterly festive mood.

Shit. It was taken during our dance, when he cracked the joke about my seventeen refusals. I am laughing heartily in the photograph and he is smiling at me with indulgence. I can’t believe I didn’t notice people taking our picture. I should have realized that it was a huge event and with a man like him, the presence of paparazzi was a given. I now realize why people have been staring at me all morning. They thought I was Adam’s girlfriend.

Oh my God, this is so embarrassing.

I quickly buy the paper and hurry home to see what the article says.

It is disappointing for all the young women in Toronto that our city’s sexiest and most eligible bachelor seems to have been taken off the market. Though Adam Gibson has always insisted that he doesn’t believe in relationships, a picture says a thousand words. If this isn’t a relationship, then what do we call it? The lucky lady, Rania Ahmed, is a graphic designer with Greenway Advertising. Although this is the first time Adam and Rania have been seen together publicly, the pictures make it clear that they are more than just acquaintances. Can it be that this girl is taming Adam Gibson, bringing him out of his high-rises and down to earth? Should we all keep our fingers crossed and hope to hear good news from the couple?”

Oh God! How could this happen? I’ll have to refuse Mike for tonight. I just can’t go out like this when people are staring at me all the time and when I know I am part of the headlines. Just as I think about texting Mike, my phone buzzes with a text message from Adam.

Are you okay?

I’m pretty sure I know what he’s talking about, but I text back:

Why? Your spying services are off today?

I smile over my message. I am sure he does too. Within seconds, he texts me back.

I was curious if you’ve been out, and if you noticed anything unusual.
I answer:

Yes. Unusual and unexpected. Now I know what you are talking about. How about you?

How about you? What kind of silly question is that to ask him? Why can’t I think before typing? He has always been a head-turning charmer. There is nothing new about it. I wait impatiently for his message.

I’m not talking about myself. Just wanted to know if you are upset about all the gossip.

He knows how to show concern, even in a text.

It is more shocking than upsetting. You come with the paparazzi package. I should have known.

Within a few seconds, my phone starts ringing.

“Hi,” I say, closing the paper.

“Hi, how are you doing?” He sounds concerned and hesitant.

“I am good, thanks, and—”

“Are you upset?” he raises his voice a bit.

“I told you. It was more shocking than upsetting.”

“But upsetting too?” He sounds really nervous. Why is he nervous? I am not biting him.

“Of course, it is upsetting. I was not expecting all this. I don’t know how I will face people on Monday at work.” I close my eyes and sit on the corner of the couch.

“I won’t keep you much longer. You need to go and get ready for your plans with... umm... your friend.” He doesn’t seem to want to say Mike’s name.

“I am not going anywhere. I changed my plans. We can still talk—”

“So, can we meet tonight? I want to talk about it.” I sense he is hiding something. There is awkwardness in his tone. I want to talk about it too, so I decide to go with his offer. I remain silent for a while and he waits for me to speak.

“Yes, I want to talk about it too. I will call the restaurant and change it for today. That’s fine with you?”

“Sounds great to me, but let me call them and arrange it. I have the information. I will send Ali to pick you up. Will you be ready by six-thirty?” He is calm, his voice gentle.

“Thanks. Yes, I will be. I will see you there, bye.” “Bye.”

After hanging up the phone, I call Mike and apologize to him for not seeing him today.

In the evening, I hunt through my closet, not sure what to wear for the dinner. So many outfits, but I still can't decide. Damn it! After some digging, I choose to wear a long-sleeved light pink knitted blouse, accented with copper beads on the neckline. I take out a matching scarf, and decide to wear a deep brown corduroy skirt. I change my clothes and give final touches to my makeup. Still, I’m not as attractive as he is.

Who cares! It is not a date!

I put my boots on, take my bag, and head out the door.
