I gaze at her, making hot chocolate for us. I pause the movie to wait for her. Watching her doing something for me is more stimulating than a glass of whiskey. No one has offered me hot chocolate since I was a child. She comes back holding two mugs. “Be careful, Adam. It’s very hot.” She hands me the mug, then sits beside me, warming her hands with her own mug.

“Thanks, Rania. I haven’t had this since... my mom left.” I take a sip, and it takes me back in time. Without saying anything, she starts the movie, and we both relax on the couch.

At one point, she hands me her mug and grabs the plush throw, which she wraps around both of us. She’s completely lost in the movie and doesn’t realize how close she is sitting to me. I feel her warmth next to me and it’s driving me crazy.

Control yourself, Adam!

She laughs like a child when the boy in the movie causes trouble for everyone. All I do is admire her beauty and innocence, watching a children’s movie. After we finish our hot chocolate, she cuddles back in the throw, folding her arms. I feel her getting cold, so I wrap my arm around her and surprisingly, she doesn’t object. She snuggles into my arm very chastely, and keeps enjoying the movie. Her laughter close to my heart makes me want to hold her tight, but I try to keep my hands to myself.

When the next movie starts, I feel she has stopped responding to it. I turn my head and find her sleeping on my arm. She is tired from all the surprises I’ve given her since this morning. I want to know what she has gone through in her past. I have seen her crying for her mother when I visited her home after our first date, but she doesn’t want to talk about her. Why?
I wonder if she thought about everything I confessed to her. Will she help me see the light? As I spend more time with her, she is becoming a folded mystery, wrapped in a hard shell, which can only be broken with trust and time. If she feels comfortable sleeping in my arms, then I’m sure one day I will find the passage to that mysterious door, which she called a hideous past. I feel the warmth of her body and, sometime later, I fall asleep too.

***

I don’t know how long I have slept, but I wake up with the urge to go to the washroom. Just as I finish, I hear a loud scream, and I rush back to find Rania on the floor, whimpering. She’s moaning in her sleep: it-hurts-please- have-mercy-on-me over and over. I kneel down with her on the floor and shake her hard to wake her up.

“Rania, wake up. It’s okay, dear. It’s just a dream. I’m here. Wake up.” I shake her again, to bring her out of her dream. She opens her eyes, filled with tears, and tries to catch her breath. I cup her face in my hands, wiping her tears. “It was only a dream. You’re safe.” Even after I speak, she keeps looking at me like I’m a ghost. I move the hair out of her face to see her clearly. The movie is still playing on repeat mode, so I assume we have slept for more than two hours. She still looks at me through ghostly wide eyes.

“Are you okay? Talk to me.” Obviously she was dreaming about someone hurting her, but I don’t know who.

She hugs me tightly, crying, as if I have rescued her from a prison camp.

She is trembling badly, and all I can do is hug her back and let her know that I will be at her side. She cries for a long time, until she is out of tears and the pain is released from her body.

When she finally settles down, I pull her away and wipe her face with my hands. She still sobs, so I give her time.

“Are you okay? Let me get you some water.” I release her to fetch the water, but she grabs my arm tightly.

“No, please, don’t leave me. What if he comes here and hurts me?” She looks around in fear. Who is she talking about? It’s not appropriate to ask right now, as she doesn’t look mentally stable to me. She is still terrified.

“No, Rania. He cannot come here. You’re safe with me. We’re on a train right now. He doesn’t know where you are, okay?” I tuck her hair back, and hold her up. “You had a bad dream. No one is here. Let me put you to bed now. It’s very late and you need to sleep.” I pull her up, but her knees are still weak from fear, so I support her to her cabin. She’s still looking around like she expects to be attacked, but she doesn’t say anything. I tuck her under the blanket and rest her head on the pillow.

“Let me get water for you. And no one else is here, so be calm.” I rush back to the bar and get her water. When I come back, I find her sitting on the bed, holding some pills. She takes water from me and gulps the medication with it. I look at the bottle next to her pillow carefully, to see what it is.

“I can’t sleep if I don’t take my pills.”

“You take pills in order to sleep?” I ask her, surprised, and she nods silently. “Daily?” She nods again, head down. “But that night when I came to your apartment, you slept without them.”

“I don’t know what happened that night. It was my first night without a pill.”

“In how long?”

“Around five years.”

Shit! “That’s a pretty long time, Rania. Don’t you think it’s harmful for your health? These will damage your brain cells.” I put the bottle under her pillow.

“The doctor keeps changing it; otherwise, I will get immune to one formula and it won’t work.”

“But still, it’s not good for you.”

“I don’t desire a long life, either.” She shocks me with her confession. Her eyes are blank, with no hope or desire for anything. Who has taken the dreams from her eyes? Who did she dream of? I wish I could ask her, but I guess if she’s not going to tell me right now, it’s better not to push. I hope that one day, when she trusts me completely, she will reveal all her secrets. She lies back down and I tuck her under the blanket again. I turn off the light beside her bed and turn to leave. Surprised, she grabs my hand.

“Thank you, Adam... for everything.” Her sincere words travel down through my soul. I feel appreciated and gratified that my presence means something to her.

I kiss her forehead without even thinking. “The pleasure is all mine. Good night, my dear.” She closes her eyes and says good night.

I step out of her room and make a glass of whiskey for myself. Since I already took a nap, I am not in the mood to sleep. It’s three in the morning, Toronto time. We’re somewhere in Manitoba and will be stopping at Winnipeg tomorrow evening. I never dreamt I would spend time with someone on a train for two days, and never want to end it. She is still a stranger to me, with her hidden secrets, but the connection between us is beyond what words can explain. For the first time in my life, I realize I have no friend with whom to share my feelings about her. I have no one to tell what an emotional ride I am on. What if I share my feelings with her? She is too vulnerable to emotion. I want her to be my friend, but she has already set her boundaries. I know if I ever dare to cross them, she will run away.

She has kept herself in a capsule for so long. Will she ever allow anyone to break it? Will I ever be able to find a passage to her heart? But why do I need to sneak into her heart? Am I looking for a long-term relationship with her, when she has clearly stated that she has nothing to offer me, not emotionally, nor physically? Why do I keep chasing her, though she has never encouraged me? Why do I ask her to help me find the light, when she has kept herself in darkness for so long? Who has done this to her? Was she in an abusive relationship? The thought of someone touching her and then hurting her infuriates me. I can’t imagine anyone would ruin her purity and innocence. I am lost in thought, eyes closed, when I feel her sit on the other end of the couch. I open my eyes and see her wrapped in the blanket, holding a jar of body butter.

“I couldn’t sleep, and I noticed you are not sleeping, either. My pill hasn’t taken effect yet.” She opens the jar. “And I can’t sleep with dry feet, either.” Her smile affects me like a drug diffusing in my blood, anesthetizing me slowly. I don’t know if it’s the whiskey or her presence, but I’m getting drunk and sleepy.

I hold my glass tightly to control my body’s reaction. If I don’t stop myself, I will lose her forever. She gently scoops some body butter out of the jar and starts rubbing her feet. I put the glass down and watch her intently.

“Do you want to try me? I can give you a foot massage.” I feel dizzy watching her. She smiles back at me and hands me the jar.

“I always avail myself of the opportunity for a foot massage.” Without any hesitation, she adjusts herself on the couch and places her feet on my lap. “You will be a very good friend if you massage me well, Mr. Gibson.” She winks at me cheerfully. So she is fond of foot massages. I take out the butter and apply it to her feet gently, massaging every part.

“Your feet are cold. You want me to get you socks?”

“No, they will be fine after the massage.” She closes her eyes, concentrating on my touch. Her feet start to get warm.

“Did anyone ever tell you, you have beautiful feet?”

“Have you seen any woman’s feet, other than mine?” she asks with a wicked smile. I purse my lips. She has a point.

I rub her heels, and she makes small sounds.

“Am I hurting you, Rania? If I am, please tell me.” I pause the massage for a moment. She opens her eyes instantly.

“No, not at all. I am enjoying the blessedness.” And she closes her eyes again. So, the sounds are of pleasure, not pain. I have read when a man provides pleasure to a woman, and when a woman makes sounds, when she is pleased, and indulges herself in pleasure, that’s what takes man to ecstasy. She is right. Her sounds are turning me on like anything. I feel her body warming up on my touch. Are her feet a starting point for turning her on?

Control yourself, Adam. If sounds can drive you crazy, what would you do when you make... fuck it off!

I shake my head to blow out all the dirty thoughts that are clouding my mind. I notice she has fallen asleep. The pill worked. She looks innocent and untouchable while sleeping. I shift her feet and adjust them on the couch, covering them with her blanket. I crawl on the floor, close to her head, and brush away a few strands of hair from her face. I know I will never get another chance to examine her so closely. As I immerse my soul in her beauty, I recall William Wordsworth’s phrases:

I saw her upon nearer view,
A Spirit, yet a Woman too!
Her household motions light and free,
And steps of virgin liberty;
A countenance in which did meet
Sweet records, promises as sweet;
A creature not too bright or good
For human nature's daily food;
For transient sorrows, simple wiles,
Praise, blame, love, kisses, tears, and smiles.

I kiss her forehead lightly, not wanting to wake her up, and whisper in her ear. “You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.” I kiss her forehead again, and leave the room to let her sleep.

