I move in my sleep and drop my hand on her. A current passes through my body and I open my eyes immediately.

“Hi.” She welcomes me with her gorgeous smile.

“You look so beautiful.” I pause and take a deep breath, looking at her lovingly. “Am I dreaming, or is it really you?” I touch her face to confirm it’s her. My action makes her smile again.

“It is me. I don’t think you have issues with nightmares.” She winks at me mischievously.

“If this is a dream, then I would like to stay in it forever.” My hand is still on her face and I start to caress her lips with my thumb. I want to kiss her passionately and let her know how precious she is to me, but I know I don’t dare to push the limits she has set on us. “Your fragrance will kill me someday. I can’t even explain the effect it has on me.” My tone is filled with passion, and I assume she is able to read my intentions. She shifts and looks away.

“You were drinking before sleeping?” She looks toward my glass of whiskey. I close my eyes, agreeing with her.

“I’m sorry. I know you don’t like it.”

“It is not about like or dislike. I have seen people turn brutish after this.” She still looks at my glass.

“I am not an alcoholic.”

“I trust you.” It is better to change the subject, so I look at my watch.

“Shit, I slept for so long. We should get something for lunch,” I say. She stands up from the bed immediately. “Please feel free to order anything from the menu,” I tell her. “I will join you in a few minutes.”

“When you were sleeping, your phone rang many times. I checked, but you were sound asleep, so I didn’t bother you.” She hands me the phone. I find twelve missed calls from.... Rania notices my expression changing. “Is everything okay?” she asks innocently. I nod in silence and head toward the washroom.

After a quick shower, I hear music. From the corner of the passage, I see her
dancing in front of the flat screen. She doesn’t know I’m watching her, and enjoying the sight. There is a music video of Thriller Night on TV and she copies all the steps exactly, as if she has been practicing it for a long time. Her body sways like a flame in a wind, stunningly beautiful in a black skirt.

During one of the moves, she turns her head and sees me. She stops instantly, as if I caught her stealing something precious.

“Please, carry on. You dance really amazingly.” I walk toward her and she steps back nervously.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t know you were...”

“If I told you I was here, then you would have stopped earlier. I would have missed it.” I look at her from head to toe and she skips her eyes away from me. “You look dazzling when you dance.” She blushes with shyness. Oh, that blush pink shade. She moves away from me and heads toward the bar.

“I am sorry, I couldn’t decide on anything for lunch.” She changes the subject. “I can’t have a proper meal at this hour.”

“No worries. We will have snacks, and then dinner at Winnipeg tonight. We have two hours’ stopover there.” I sit next to her. “How about a shake or a smoothie? And some fruits?” I check the drinks menu and then look at her. She smiles and relaxes, and we agree on smoothies and fresh fruits. I use my phone to place the order, and continue talking to her. “So, you know all the dance moves in this video?”

“I have been dancing to it since I was a child. This was the first video that started me dancing. My mother used to enjoy watching me.” I see painful and pleasant memories mingled in her eyes, though she smiles sweetly. It’s obvious that her mother meant a lot to her, but whenever the topic comes up, she becomes so vulnerable.

“What was your mother’s name?”

“Sarah.” She doesn’t say anything after that. I realize she doesn’t want to talk about it. Ali interrupts us with our snacks, and his presence surprises Rania. She doesn’t speak to him, but just gives him a smile. After Ali has left, I lift the smoothie glass in my hand.

“Toast to our friendship.” She smiles at me and accepts my gesture. The smoothie is really good. I don’t know how to break our silence, and luckily her phone chimes. She puts it on the speaker.

“Hi, Ben. Good evening.”

“Hey, Rania, how is your train trip going so far?”

“Never better.” She smiles and looks at me.

“Listen, do you know where Gibson is?”

“Why do you ask?”

“Oh yeah, how would you know. You are traveling. I was just wondering if he called you. I spoke to his assistant and she told me Mr. Gibson is out of town for the whole week. I was just wondering if he would meet you in Edmonton. But obviously, why would he do that? He is not your lover.” So if I am chasing her, is it because of love?

“Ben, please, don’t be so concerned. I am fine. How is the moving going?”

“Ah yes, we will be able to work from the new location next Monday. You carry on and enjoy the summit. I heard there are some fresh graduates attending as well. Try to meet them and see if any are a good fit for us. I trust you.”
“Thanks, Ben. I will keep that in mind.”

“I have emailed your hotel bookings and summit tickets. Just show them your phone. And one more thing.” He pauses for a moment. “Stay safe. He is a dangerous man, Rania. Keep your eyes and ears open. Your father is very concerned.” Me? Dangerous?

“I know he is concerned about his name. Don’t worry, tell him I won’t ruin it.”

“But Gibson is a man with power. He possesses what he wants. I don’t want
you to end up being one of his possessions—” Hmm... Really?

“That will not happen, Ben. I will be fine. Take care. Bye.” And she hangs up
the phone.

“Dangerous, huh?” I smirk at her. She stays quiet, focusing on her smoothie. 
“What’s his fucking problem? He’s not your dad.” I’m really annoyed now.

“There are many reasons. He wanted me to marry his son, that’s the first reason. Secondly, I believe he sees my mother in me. That’s what makes him more protective of me.” I look at her quizzically. “Ben and my parents graduated from the same university. They all met in Scotland. Ben was the first guy who proposed to my mother.” She continues with her smoothie.
“Seriously? He was your mom’s boyfriend?”

“Not a boyfriend. He was in love with her, but it was one-sided. My father joined a semester later and he also put his heart in front of my mother.
Belonging to the same culture and religion, my father had the privilege of marrying the beautiful maiden, right after their graduation.” She pauses for a moment, thinking. “I think he doesn’t treat me as Ahmed’s daughter, but he treats me as Sarah’s daughter and feels a responsibility to take care of me.”

“That is very surprising. And an interesting story. So, your mom and dad had a love marriage?”

“Yes, they did. My grandfather was not happy with the idea, though, because my mother was Egyptian and Father was from Lebanon. So, my grandfather wanted her to marry an Egyptian and stay in the same country.”

“Your parents told you their love story?”

“I was sixteen when my mother told me. Whenever she talked about Ben, I always saw sparkles in her eyes. It was a very strange affection.”

“So, you think your mom was in love with Ben too?”

“I don’t know—she never confessed that. All I know is my father had the advantage of being a Muslim. But he loved her. All my childhood, I never saw them arguing or fighting. My father is still in love with my mother. He never married again.” She looks down at her glass, toying with the straw. “Whenever I saw them together, I believed that fairytales do exist. Love exists. We just need to find the right person.” She takes a pause. “Mom had a very hard labor during my birth. My father wanted a son too, but he couldn’t see my mother in pain again. So he never demanded another child. I guess that’s what love is.” She smiles to herself, her eyes carrying a dream. I also see pain in her eyes, so I decide to change the subject.

“And what makes him think I am dangerous? I mean Ben.” I take a sip of my smoothie, looking at her.

“With all due respect, Mr. Gibson, your lifestyle says everything.” She laughs heartily and I join her.

“Do you see danger?” I ask on a serious note. She keeps looking at me with sharp eyes, not sure what to say, but her gaze tells me that there is something.

“I see danger. I won’t lie. But not for me.” She drops her gaze to the table. “You are risking your reputation, Adam.” She is back on the same topic, us. It’s time to change it again.

“You go to the dance school daily?” I ask her abruptly, and she looks at me with surprise.

“Yes, I do.”

“Don’t you get tired?”

“Why do you think I need a foot massage before I sleep?” She winks at me impishly.

“Then, why do you dance if it hurts that much?”

“I am not a gym fan. It is something I can't do. So I dance to burn my calories. And it also makes me feel good. No matter how tired my feet get.” Our snack is almost finished, so we move to the couch. “You work out too?” she asks, giving me a strange look.

“What makes you think that?”

“Your body is in good shape. I’m sure you do.” She checks me out from head to toe, like I always do to her. I smile and nod in silence. It surprises me that she has even noticed my appearance. It makes me feel very special. She picks up the Edmonton weekly guide and buries herself in it. I sit close to her, to see what she is engrossed in. She reads the details about some opera show, and then checks her train schedule.

“You like live performances?” I look from the magazine to her.

“I have never attended one, but they fascinate me. Anyhow, it is tomorrow evening. It is not possible.” She closes the magazine and is about to put it aside. I grab the magazine from her and read it carefully.

“Don’t worry, I will take you.” I’m serious, but she laughs at me.

“It is tomorrow evening, Adam, and we don’t have tickets. By the time we get there, it will be over. So never mind.” She stands up from the couch, looking for something. I grab her hand tightly.

“You don’t trust me? If I say I will take you there, I will.” She looks at me with surprise.

“You have got to be kidding me. I was just reading it. Nothing serious.” She sits down next to me, watching me with astonishment. “Adam, I know you can make anything possible with your wealth, but please don’t make it so awkward. Even if you could make it possible, I don’t want you to spend a rubbish amount of money to do it.”

“I just want to see you happy. If I don’t spend it now, I will spend it some other day. The money and me are a package. You might as well get used to it.” I gaze at her deeply and tuck her hair behind her ears. She shakes her head in bewilderment.

“I have always liked your surprises, Adam, but this is—”

“Done, we’re going then.” I check my watch and say, “You need to go now and pack your stuff, and get ready for the surprises.” I stand up and lead her to her room. She is still in shock. “Do you trust me, Rania?” I block her way and whisper closely in her ear. She looks up at me with dazzled eyes.

“Yes, I do.” And she escapes into her room.
