I open my eyes and see Adam sitting at my side, holding my hand tightly in his. He kisses me on the forehead as soon as I blink at him.

“Good morning. How are you feeling?” He looks at me lovingly, brushing hair off my face. I look around to see where I am. I remember Adam bringing me to his place, but I don’t remember sleeping in this bed. I clearly remember Adam taking my clothes off inside the ambulance and wrapping me in the blanket, never taking his eyes off of mine. I still see how much pain he has gone through since the fire, thinking I might have been killed. My pain seems to wither in the face of his agony. It looks like he hasn’t slept for a single minute.

“I feel heavy. My head is spinning.”

“Do you want to sleep some more?” he asks me tenderly.

“No. What’s the time?” I look around again.

“It’s noon. Would you like something to eat?”

“No, I...” I look down at myself, realizing I am wearing his clothes. I pull up my blanket to hide my upper body.

“I'll wait outside so you can change. I’ve got a few clothes for you to wear. They’re in the closet, there.” He points me toward a white double door. “You may find a few things in the drawers, too. Make yourself comfortable, okay?”

He leaves and I get up, my head still feeling heavy, and find the door to the washroom. The bedroom is huge, with a custom white bed, larger than any king-size bed I have seen in my life. I notice that everything in the room is white. It looks like a cozy, serene place to relax. I can’t understand why he would leave such a nice room to sleep with me on that queen-size bed. The thought that the place where Adam liked to stay doesn’t exist anymore brings the pain rushing back.

I step into the large washroom, with its exquisite white French vanity, cultured marble sink, and high-end faucets. I look up at the vanity light, wondering where this kind of stuff is available. I haven’t seen it in any hardware store. The jetted bathtub is enormously huge, able fit four people easily, with their legs stretched out. The glass shower column is colossal, with a rain shower. This is kind of a washroom I’ve only seen on TV.

I notice that there are personal products on the counter, including a new toothbrush. All of them are brands that I use, so they must be for me. He seems to have remembered everything, as if he has memorized me. I wash my face and brush my teeth, then step outside the washroom to search for the closet. I’m amazed at the size of the walk-in closet. The right side is filled with Adam’s expensive clothes and accessories. On the other side of the closet, I see feminine clothes hanging neatly. I have got a few clothes for you to wear. Does he call this a few? There are four times as many clothes as I had in my tiny closet. I touch the fabrics of the clothes, admiring the taste of whoever brought them. I can’t believe they’re actually for me, but as I pick up one shirt, I see the Holt Renfrew tag attached to it. All the clothes are new. I open the custom drawer at the side of the closet and find a number of silk and woolen scarves. In the next drawer, I see all colors of very expensive undergarments. I pick up one bra and check the size. Shit! How does he know my size? I want to hide in embarrassment. I notice none of the tags have any prices, as though they’ve been deliberately removed. A knock at the door interrupts my thoughts.

“Are you in there, Rania?” Adam calls. “Umm... yes.”

“Is everything okay? Can I come in?” He slowly peeks his head inside. “You haven’t changed yet? You didn’t like any of the clothes?”

“Adam, this is...” I look around the closet. “Is this—”

“This is all for you. I managed to get them this morning, when store opened. They delivered before you woke up. If anything doesn’t fit, put it aside, and I’ll get it exchanged.” He smiles affectionately at me.

“I can’t take all this, Adam. I mean, this is too much...”

He comes closer to me and rests his hand on my shoulder. “None of that is important now. The only thing that matters is that you’re safe. This is nothing. Please accept it. Don’t even think of it as a favor. Please.” I see the sincerity in his eyes and arguing with him means I’ll break his heart. He hugs me tightly, and I feel my body dissolving. He still looks shaky and broken from last night.

“You didn’t sleep, Adam?” I speak with my face in his shirt.

He pulls me away and holds my face in his hands. “I couldn’t. When I thought I lost you, I almost died, so after I found you, I couldn’t close my eyes for a single minute. I still can’t believe God actually heard my prayer. I didn’t even know how to pray, but He still listened to me.” I see the appreciation for my life in his eyes. “He does care about me, Rania. I never knew I was so important to Him, that He would listen to my silent prayer. But how did you escape the fire?”

“I don’t know how I escaped from there, Adam. I woke up to hear the fire alarm. First I thought I was having a dream, but when I saw the fire outside my bedroom, I couldn’t believe it. My mind was a blank. All I could do was wrap myself in the sheet. I still don’t remember how I got out of the building.” As I speak, I see him closing his eyes to hide his pain. His hands start to tremble on my face. “When I was trapped by the fire, I thought I’d lost everything, and this was the end. I never valued my life, until I saw death in front of my eyes. I thought I would never be able to...” I thought I would never be able to tell you how much I love you, Adam. I realized it last night, when I saw my life being taken away from me and believed I'd die with no love in my life. “I thought I would never see you again.” I change my words; I don’t have the courage to confront my feelings for him.

He hugs me tightly again. “Please don’t say anything more. I won’t let anything happen to you. I promise.” I feel he is experiencing everything with me, as if he was there at the time of the fire. “I want you to relax now. Everything is going to be fine. Take anything you like to wear. It’s all yours. I’ll see you outside.” He kisses my forehead with quivering lips and escapes from the closet. I remember him kissing me passionately last night, all over my face, when he found me under the tree. I also remember him telling me he loves me, but he hasn’t said that again. Did I imagine it, in my traumatized state, or was it something he actually said? And even if he did, am I ready to hear it?

I flush my mind of all these wild thoughts, realizing Adam must be waiting for me at the breakfast table. I am pretty sure he hasn’t eaten anything today. I search for normal clothes, but all I see is expensive apparel. I finally pick up a pair of jeans and an ivory-colored DKNY blouse. The Chantelle undergarments fit me so well, it’s like I shopped for them myself. The ivory blouse looks awesome, when I check myself in the mirror. I look expensive and worthy. He is making me feel worthy. I step out of the closet to brush my hair at the dresser. It is a beautiful white French antique dresser, with a very few items on the top. What surprises me is I see my perfume and basic makeup on it. He even knows the shade and brand of the lipstick that I use every day. I see the exact same brush that I had. Everything is the same, like a replica of my own dresser, but in another room.

I don’t know how long has he been noticing these details and memorizing them. It makes me feel really special. I step out of the room, barefoot, to look for Adam. There is a large wide passage, with multiple white doors on each side. I imagine myself wandering in an enchanted castle from Beauty and the Beast, where Belle is lost and completely captivated. I walk slowly, ignoring all the closed doors, till I find stairs at the corner of the passage. He has a double-story apartment? Is it really an apartment, or is it a house? I clearly remember entering through an elevator. I go down the very wide heated marble stairs, and see Adam talking on the phone in his living room, walking back and forth on a thick deep blue-and-white-striped rug.

“She’s doing okay, Mom... no, I can’t ask her... I don’t think she’s in a state to attend a party. I’ll stay with her... okay, I’ll let you know.” He looks at me and hangs up the phone. “You look... beautiful.” He observes me from head to toe. I look down at my feet shyly, but manage to smile at his appraisal.

“Thanks to you. Anyone would look nice in this blouse.” I pass my hands over my waist to feel the soft fabric. He smiles back at me and shakes his head.

“Come. Let’s have something to eat.” He takes my hand and leads me to the kitchen, where I see an Asian lady working. She turns around when she hears our footsteps.

“Hello, Miss Rania. How are you doing this morning?” Do I know you? I look at her quizzically, and then at Adam.

“She’s my housekeeper, Julianne,” Adam whispers in my ear.

“I am good. Thank you, Julianne.” I sit down on the bar stool next to Adam. Julianne is in her early forties. So she is the one who keeps this place so organized and tidy? Everything is so neat and clean in this apartment that I feel like I shouldn’t touch anything, in case I get it dirty.

“Mr. Gibson mentioned this morning that you like pumpkin bread. I have baked some for you. Would you like to try it?” She places the warm bread in front of me. I smile back to Julianne and pick up the bread. She places tea in front of me and offers Spanish omelet and buttered toast to Adam with his coffee. She exits the kitchen, leaving the two of us in privacy.

“Thank you for everything, Adam. I didn’t know you knew so much about me. You even know...” I try to find the right words. “...very personal details.” He smiles from the corner of his lips, still looking at his plate. He looks up at me and brushes my hair off my shoulders.

“You should acknowledge your presence in my life. You are precious to me.” His words are filled with passion, melting me deep inside.

“I know. Thank you.” I avert my eyes and look down at my lap.

“And you should give me some credit for spending time in your closet. I got to know a lot about you from there.” He winks at me mischievously. “I never mentioned it, but I have memorized everything about you. How you eat, what you eat, what you wear, everything. If you want to call it obsession, then yes, I admit I am obsessed with you, but I call it passion.” He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes for a moment. “The only thing I couldn’t find is your heart. But someday, I will.” Why do I feel so uncomfortable every time he declares his feelings? Why do I feel like hiding, or burying myself somewhere? Why do I feel his feelings will fade someday, just like my fantasies? I ignore his passion and turn to face my plate.

“You were talking to Grace, when I came down?” I change the subject. He frowns at me for avoiding his declaration. “Yes, she wanted to know how you are.” He takes a bite of his toast.

“That’s very sweet of her. I will thank her, when I see her tonight.”

“We’re going?” Adam looks at me, surprised.

“We’re not going?” I fire the negative question at him. “No, I mean... I thought... you might not feel like—”

“Adam, I’m fine. What happened, perhaps it was written in my fate. Those things were never mine, I guess. And Grace has planned this evening for quite a long time. She wants all her kids to be there. I know if I don’t go, you won’t either, so we will go together.”

I see utter contentment on Adam’s face. “Thank you so much. I’ll let her know.”We continue our breakfast, until he breaks the silence again. “Oh, by the way, Mike called. He wanted to know how you are. He will be flying back on Christmas morning.”

“Why is he coming back? I thought they decided to stay with Uncle Joe, till New Year’s.”

“That’s what people do when they care. Also, the apartment was under Ben’s name, so he has to come back to make his insurance claim.”

“How did you get to know about the fire?”

“My company built it. I have to make sure that the fire didn’t have anything to do with the construction.”

“You built that building?” I am surprised to know that. He smiles shyly at me, as if it is not a building, but just a piece of paper. “I didn’t know that.”

“That’s because you don’t take any interest in what I do.” He smirks at me in a teasing way.

“I have no interest in your money, Adam. You know that very well.”

“Yes, I know. But you should know what I do for a living, so that you stop complaining and arguing with me when I get you something.” His tone is very serious.

“I am not interested, Adam, and I don’t need anything from you. I didn’t accept your friendship for your money, so—”

“I know that very well, Rania. I don’t think you’re greedy, but all I want to ask is that you stop arguing with me, if I want to give you something of my own free will. So please, get used to it. Try to accept the fact that whatever's mine is yours.” What kind of confession is that? Why would I take his money?

“Adam, you have earned your money with hard work. If all of a sudden I come into your life and consider your money as mine, that’s not fair to you.”

“You’re not taking it. I want to give it to you. Why don’t you understand the difference?”

“But why do you want to give it to me? I don’t need it,” I argue again.

“You don’t know how important you are in my life? Do you want me to go through it again?” I see his expression. “You’ve been taking care of me since we met. You helped me confront my own demons, pulled out all the thorns from my life. Buying you clothes is nothing. And if it bothers you, consider it as a very minor way of showing I care. Okay?”There is no point in arguing with Adam. He is always in the winning position. He has different ways of showing he cares, and I’ll have to accept him the way he is. After finishing our breakfast, Adam gives me a tour of his apartment—or, I should say, his magical kingdom.

On the main level, I see the living room again. Everything, from the art, to the décor, to the furniture, is perfect. The room is tastefully furnished with pastel blue suede couches that complement the deep blue-and-white-striped rug I noticed before. There is a huge silvery white mirror, just above the antique console table, and the walls are very light blue.

I am actually awestruck by his kingdom. The entire room gives me a cozy and warm feeling, very serene, as if I am in some country cottage by the lakeside. I always expected Adam’s place to be decorated in dark colors, but it turns out to be totally the opposite. He opens a large sliding door, which takes us to a grand dining area. The dining table is dark mahogany, with room for twelve people, holding a beautiful centerpiece that catches my attention as soon as I step inside. The walls are honey-colored, giving it a very warm and inviting feeling. After the dining area, he takes me to the terrace or patio or garden, whatever it is. It is a huge space, with beautiful patio furniture and a fire pit, not to mention a state-of-the-art barbeque grill and a huge swimming pool, which is enclosed in a glass wall. I am cold outside in this temperature, but this sight and Adam's enthusiasm is making me warm. The view from his terrace is awesome. I can see the whole Toronto skyline from here.

“It’s beautiful, Adam. And I can’t believe you have a pool on your terrace.” He is actually enjoying showing his work to me.

“I haven’t shown my place to anyone. You are the first one to come here, Rania.”

“Really? I am honored, then. So how high are we?”

“The building has thirty-five floors. You can see we are on top.” He looks at the view proudly.

“Are there others living here too, in this building?”

“Oh yes, each floor has ten apartments. It’s a residential building.”

“And you own the whole building?” I ask, surprised. He nods in silence. “And you are occupying the space of ten apartments, on one floor?” He smiles again at me, in affirmation. Holy Shit! If all the apartments are rented, how much money is he receiving every month—from this building alone? He smiles shyly at my weird look. Then he grabs my hand in excitement and takes me up a spiral staircase.

“Come on, let me show you something.”

When I reach the rooftop, after five minutes of spiral steps, I am astonished to see a helipad. Adam is excited to show me everything he has designed. I totally believe him when he says I’m the first person he is showing it to. The excitement in his eyes makes it clear. In the face of his elation and charm, I don't feel cold, even barefooted.

“This is my baby.” He shows me his helicopter with pride. “I will take you for a ride. I hope you’re not scared of heights.”

“No, I am not. I would love to ride in your baby.” I start to rub my arms, to warm myself.

“Shit! I didn’t notice you’re not wearing anything warm. You will catch cold.” He takes my hand, but rather than traveling back down the spiral steps, he takes another door, which leads us to an indoor passage. We both stop to catch our breath, after running in the cold weather. He takes me to an elevator and we head down two levels, back to his apartment.

“Oh my God, Adam. It’s breathtaking. Everything is so amazing. You have your own private castle, up in the clouds, just like in Jack and the Beanstalk.” He laughs at my remarks. We enter his apartment once again and he shows me the rest of the lower level.

Besides the gigantic living room, warm dining room and ultra-modern kitchen, there is a huge private study. He opens the door and announces, “This is my favorite room, where I spend most of my time.” I feel pride in his voice. The ambience of the study is completely different from the rest of the apartment. I feel like I’m stepping back in time. The décor is much darker, with wood paneling and dark wooden furniture, just like a typical study from the eighteenth or nineteenth century.

“Wow! I feel like I’m stepping back centuries.” I look around his library. “I never knew you read.” I gently touch his lavish collection of books.

“They are mostly architecture and designing books. Not the kind you read. But let me know if you want any books, and I’ll get them.” He looks at me tenderly, rubbing his lower lip with his finger. There is a huge, solid wood study table, with his papers and designs scattered over it. Behind his chair are floor-to-ceiling windows that open onto the terrace, and the marvelous view of the Toronto skyline. I turn around and notice a large framed copy of the picture of our first dance together. I blink at him with surprise. I wasn’t expecting to see this picture in his house. It’s placed where he’s facing it every time he sits in his chair.

“I told you, this is my favorite room. Now you know why.” He smirks at me innocently. “When you’re not around, I look at this picture and talk to you.” I see fire and passion in his eyes. At this very moment, I truly feel he is drinking me in.

“And when are you not around me, Adam?” I roll my eyes, with a smile. “Since we have met, you are always with me.” I move to the other side of the room and open a sliding door, where I find a huge game room with a pool table in the center. “You play pool?” I look at him, astonished.

“Not really. I told you, no one comes here. It was just part of the design. I know how to play, but I think you need to have a good partner. I have played with Ali, a couple of times, when I used to work late on my designs.”

“Are there more surprises in this castle?” I grin at him with amusement.

“Castle?” He laughs and shakes his head. “Come on, I’ll show you the rest.” 

He slides open a glass door from the study, which leads to the pool that I saw earlier from the terrace. I marvel at the number of marble stones inlaid around it. It has a separate hot tub, to blissfully enjoy in any weather. He presses a button and in a blink, the glass ceiling opens to the sky. I gawk at the perfection of the work that has been done in this pool area.

“It's always good to swim under the warm sun. We only have a few months to enjoy that weather.” He smiles innocently and I try my best to capture this moment, the twinkle in his eyes as he proudly shows me his home. I walk to the other side of the pool and notice a huge canvas resting on a large easel, but the canvas is covered with a sheet. I look toward Adam, who comes up behind me and removes the sheet. I gape at it, completely astounded to see an oil painting of my face.

“You are etched in my memory, Rania. I can sketch you whenever I want.” His raw voice sends my body to the crest of desire. I turn around, seeing his heated gaze bore into me, as if he actually is memorizing my features. “But someday, I’d like you to pose for me, so that I can make sure I’m not missing any fragment of the beauty that God has blessed you with.” I blink at his words several times, not sure what to say in return, though I’m pretty sure he is not expecting anything back from me. He knows what he has said has left me dumfounded and speechless.

We return to the living room and he opens another door. It is a theater, with a huge collection of movies and an immense projection screen with multiple black leather recliners in front of it. The walls are painted deep purple. It’s a real theater.

“You never told me you have a cinema in your home,” I say. “Why’d you choose to go out, when you have this?”

“If I had asked you to come here and watch a movie in this room, would you have agreed?” he asks innocently. Oh, he knows me so bloody well. I purse my lips to hide my smile.

After that, he takes me upstairs. The walls along the passage are decorated with beautiful artwork; whoever designed his place must have very good taste. The first room on the right is the state-of-the-art gym.

“So that’s the secret of your perfect physique.” I wink at Adam.

“You think so?” he asks, while closing the distance between us. “Do you ever get attracted to me, Rania?” His eyes are so intense; it’s a miracle I’m not melting. I try to look anywhere other than at him, but it’s hard to avoid his burning gaze. Where do I go? Where do I run?

“How about the other rooms, Adam?” I change the topic to avoid the awkwardness here. I know I always spoil the moment. I just don’t want to give him false hopes. If I tell him everything about me, I know he will run away and I’ll never see him again. I am too scared to imagine my life without him. He closes his eyes and rakes his fingers through his hair.

“Let’s go. I’ll show you.” On the other side of the gym is the guest bedroom, beautifully decorated in beiges and browns. Another door, next to the guest bedroom, is a guest washroom, done all in gray and black. I have never seen a washroom like this. Who puts a Jacuzzi in the extra washroom? The opposite door is an amazing laundry room. I smile when I see the extra- costly washer and dryer, with custom-designed cabinetry.

“Your laundry rocks.”

“Are all women like you, Rania?” he asks me, surprised.

“What do you mean?” I look at him, passing my hands over the deep gray laundry machines.

“I mean, do all women crave the latest appliances? I thought women would go for designer handbags and shoes and diamonds. You’re different.” I giggle at Adam’s remarks about me.

“Good to know that you finally know me. I told you I’m not like other women.” I grin at him, and exit the laundry room.

“No doubt about that.” He follows me out of the room. The last room is, of course, his bedroom. I open the door myself.

“Oh well! I have seen this. I must say, your castle is enchanting, Your Majesty. Is that it? Aren’t you going to amuse me more?” I tease him naughtily and sit at the corner of his bed, spreading my hands on the soft white sheet and crossing my legs. “Aren’t there any more surprises, King Adam?” He walks toward the bed, looking at me seductively.

“The king has unlimited ways to surprise his queen in his own chamber. Never tantalize him.” He sits closer to me. So Adam Gibson is in a playful mood.

After what he has done for me, he deserves a little boost. I know he has been in pain since last night and I want to ease his mind.

“Oh, really?” I flick my index finger over his chest, which is covered by a T- shirt. “I can’t wait, then.” I lick my lips in a sexy manner and laugh at him, rolling over to the other side toward the headboard. He closes his eyes for a moment and when he opens them, he crawls after me like a beast, not taking his eyes off me.

“The king has wild intentions for his queen. And if the queen doesn’t obey her king in his chamber, she might get locked in a dungeon.” He creeps slowly toward me. I pull away, getting closer to the headboard. “And the king has extreme punishments in the dungeon. Is my queen ready to accept the king’s commands, or does she want to be locked up in the dungeon forever?” He smiles, his intense green eyes alluring. I laugh at his seriousness.

“So I can expect his highness’s generosity in his chamber?”

“Oh yes, my queen. The king will shower you with his bounties. All my queen has to do is trust her king, and surrender.” He is an inch away from me. He gently pulls away my scarf and throws it on the other side of the bed. “Is my queen ready to surrender now?” He flicks his index finger over my lips. My body starts to burn at his touch. Shit! I shouldn’t have provoked him. Is he serious?

“Does his highness promise to be gentle with his queen?” I look into his eyes, trying my best to drag out the conversation. He wants to play games. He takes my hand and kisses the back of it.

“The king will be as gentle as a dove.” He comes closer to me and nestles his face into my neck. “But if the queen defies her king and violates the rules, then the dungeon is not far away.” Stop it, Adam. It’s not a game anymore.

He is seducing me, and I must say he is successful enough to inflame a burning desire in me. My body starts to vibrate at his touch. “And if the queen obeys her king, then a time will come when the king will surrender his throne to the queen.” He plants a soft kiss on my collarbone. “Then the queen can rule over the king and his kingdom... forever.” He kisses me again on my neck. What is going on with you, Rania? Why are you letting him rule your body? Why can’t you push him away, like you always did before? I don’t know what is happening to me, but I don’t want this moment to go away. My back is resting on the pillow and I am trapped completely under Adam’s body. His eyes and his body silently scream at me that he is extremely aroused, but I still see the sincerity in his eyes. Somehow, with this entire alluring act, I don’t see lust in his eyes. It looks more like love to me. But if he loves me, then why doesn’t he say so?

“The king has waited for this moment for so long.” He caresses my neck with his lips, transferring a thousand watts of current in my spine. Our breathing and heartbeats start to increase at the same pace. “The king’s chamber was barren without his queen.” He takes my hands and locks his fingers with mine. “I want you to feel me, Rania.” He whispers in my neck and gently kisses under my ear. “I know your body wants me, as much as I want you, but just for a moment, unlock yourself from all the barriers, and feel the passion between us.” His lips travel slowly to the other side of my neck. My body is getting so weak and so bloody aroused with his touch. I’m losing my senses. He moves his head up and looks directly into my eyes. I see his eyes burning with desire. “I want to open all those bindings of yours. Just for a moment, let your soul meet mine. I promise to take care of you, forever.” He brings his lips back to my neck and I close my eyes to let myself go with his flow.

He keeps kissing me passionately on my neck, and I feel like the air in the room has been sucked up and we are floating in a vacuum state. I feel his burning lips and my breath gets shallower with each kiss. I try to savor the blissful moment that he is creating with his ecstatic desire, and at this moment, I really wish to escape with him to his world of fantasies, where there is no pain or scars, where no memories of a haunted past reside, where the fear of losing Adam doesn’t exist.My body desires to make love with him passionately. I have never felt anything like this before. As soon as he puts his lips on mine, his phone chimes loudly in his front pocket, breaking the steamy moment between us. He pulls away and takes the call.

“Yes?” He frowns, but never takes his eyes off of me. “Yes, this is Adam Gibson... yes... Hello, Mr. Bari...” Shit! It’s my dad? “Your daughter is in safe hands, Mr. Bari. You don’t need to worry about... yes, she is fine... no burns... yeah, we should all thank God, nothing happened to her... yeah, the whole floor caught fire... almost ten people are burned and two of them are dead... it is indeed very tragic.” He takes a deep breath. “She is my guest, Mr. Bari... no, I will take care of her.” I hide my face and pull my knees up to my chest. Why did Adam tell my father I am staying with him? Oh God! What will he think of me? “I have taken a vow to protect your daughter. I cannot think of harming her at all... I don’t think she is in a state... thank you... good day.”

He hangs up the phone, annoyed. Though my face is hidden, I know he is looking at me; I can feel his gaze. The moment we were in before is gone. I shouldn’t have instigated it in the first place. Why did I even start this game of seduction with him, when I know how he feels about me? It is not fair to play with his feelings and mine.

I feel his body shifting and leaving the bed. I lift my head to see where he is going. He comes back into the room with a box in his hand, and sits next to me.

“I guess you lost your phone in the fire. Keep this. It’s the same number.” He places the new iPhone box in my hand.

“Adam. I...” I keep looking at the box, shaking my head.

“No arguments, Rania.” He gets up from the bed and heads toward the closet. “All your contacts are retrieved, in case you were wondering. You can turn the phone on now.” He enters his walk-in closet.

I open the box and turn on the phone. There are many text messages from Mike, wanting to know how I am doing, if I’m okay, how did I manage to escape from the fire. I don’t feel like talking to anyone right now. I can’t believe Baba called Adam to ask about me. Does that mean he cares?But why didn’t he talk to me? I don’t want to ask Adam about it. I hear him talking to me from the closet.

“Have you decided what to wear this evening?” I never thought about it. I had planned to wear the dress he’d bought me for the opera, but since I don’t have that any more, I will have to think about it.

It is already two in the afternoon, and since it is Christmas Eve, the stores will probably be closing within a couple of hours. I follow his voice and enter the closet. He looks at me, smiling.

“You know what are you going to wear tonight?” How does he manage to be so gentle with me, even when I ruin the moment? He glances at my clothes and pulls out one dress. “What do you think about this?” It’s a beautiful black lace shimmery gown.

I’ve noticed he likes lace on women’s clothes. I don’t know if he has chosen this or not, as he was with me all the time. On my weird look, he answers my question without my even asking.

“Natalia was capable enough to arrange for a few evening dresses. You have more. Try them on and let me know if you find anything suitable to wear, otherwise, we will go to the mall right away, before it closes.” Suitable? This closet is worth more than a hundred thousand dollars, and he is asking me if I’ll be able to find anything suitable to wear? I feel like he has put the whole damn store in here. I don’t deserve all these riches.

“This is beyond my expectations, Adam. You didn’t have to spend—”

“Sshhh...” He places his finger on my lips. “You are still in the king’s chamber, and this is a part of the king’s generosity.” He smirks at me seductively. So the moment is not lost at all. “I like to see you wearing all these beautiful gowns. Now try some on and let me know which one you plan to wear.” He starts to gently rub my lower lip with his fingers. “You are very beautiful, Rania, but tonight I want you to look the way I see you. Would you dress up tonight, only for me?” I keep looking into his eyes, which are filled with a burning desire and perpetual passion. I have not dressed up for anyone before. “You might not know it, but there are almost three hundred people coming to the party, very famous people. I’m bringing a lady with me for the very first time. It will be our first public appearance as a couple.” I nod my head, agreeing with him. He smiles again at my acceptance and takes a few steps back. “I have called someone to pamper you, before you get ready. They will be coming shortly. We have to get to the party around six.”People to pamper me? What does that mean? “In the meantime, decide what you want to wear. I just want you to imagine me tonight, when you get ready. That’s it.”

He leaves me alone in the closet. Is this some kind of test for me? He wants me to look good, only for him.How do I do that? I have to come back here to his chamber, after the party, and I have a gut feeling that things will steam up again in this room, once we are alone.

I wander in his closet, wondering where to start. Of course, he wouldn’t do anything against my will, I know that, but what if I want it too? What if I melt in his arms and let myself flow with him? I cannot imagine touching the forbidden fruit. No way!

I put all the wild thoughts aside and decide on the black dress he just picked for me. I try the dress on inside the closet, but decide not to show it to Adam until tonight. I don’t want to ruin the surprise. The black Valentino lace dress fits perfectly. I take it off before Adam returns, and pick up a Chantelle black lace bra with matching panties.

Natalia certainly has a good taste. I open the rest of the drawers, under the lingerie section, and am surprised to find out that he has even got me matching sandals, boots and bags. From Jimmy Choo to Christian Louboutin, I have everything in this closet, from pumps to wedges, from handbags to clutches, from Burberry to Fendi, from YSL to Gucci. When he said he wants to place the world at my feet, only if I will trust him, was he talking about this generosity? I pick up shimmery Christian Louboutin high- heeled sandals to match the shimmers in the dress, and select the black Fendi clutch to go with them. It is like a freaking shopping mall inside the closet, with no price tags. There are some high-end European brands that I’ve never even heard of, or rather, it was beyond my reach to even think about them.

I open the corner-most drawer, just beside the mirror, and am amazed to find the accessories to go with the clothes. There are boxes of Hermès, Chanel, and other high-end brands for scarves, hair accessories, watches and jewelry. I open each and every box, admiring the selection, and wondering about how costly they are. It is good that none of them have price tags, otherwise, I wouldn’t have accepted them, but I know this is all damn pricy. I was never a designer freak, but when I look at these precious things, I can relate to the feeling that money does buy happiness. These riches are making me happy. But I always wanted to earn these things on my own. What did I do in the past, to deserve Adam as my gift? I feel like I am using him, which takes the excitement from me. I never wanted things like this from someone else’s pocket.

I hear a knock at the door. “Can I come in, Rania?” he asks me gently.

“Yes, please.” I gather everything, while he steps inside the closet. “Is there anything wrong?” He looks at my worried face.

“No, umm... I...” I have no words to say it. “Adam, this is too much—I’m sorry, but I can’t accept all this. You need to return these—”

“Sshhh...” He puts his fingers on my lips again to cut me off. “I told you this is my way of showing I care. Please, let me do it. Don’t take this feeling away from me.” He pauses for a moment. “When I look at you now, alive, in front of my eyes, I don’t desire anything else, Rania. You are all I want, no more, no less.” He looks down at my arms, holding the dress and undergarments, and smiles at me. “I can’t wait to see you wearing all this for me.”

And I can’t wait to tell how much I love you, Adam. Yes, I will tell you tonight after the party that I do love you. I will tell you everything about me tonight. It will be up to you to love me back or leave me. I will accept whatever you choose for my fate.

“What?” He smiles at me with tenderness. “What are you thinking?”

“Umm... nothing.” I look down with confusion, hoping he didn’t read my eyes. I have to open my heart to him, myself, not through my eyes.

“Some ladies are here waiting for you. Please, come down.” He takes my hand and exits the closet, taking away my things and placing them on bed. We reach the living room, where two ladies are waiting for us. I still don’t understand why they are here.

“Hello, Miss Rania. It’s an honor meeting you. I am Cynthia, your makeup and hair artist, and this is Emma, your masseuse and aesthetician.” I shake hands with them in astonishment. I look toward Adam, who is smiling at me. “We were requested by Mr. Gibson to pamper you and help you get ready for the party tonight.” She looks toward Adam. “Mr. Gibson, we would appreciate if you could let us know where to set up?”

“Oh yes, please, follow me.” Adam starts walking, taking my hand in his. The two ladies give each other strange looks. He leads them to his bedroom. “You can start your work in our bedroom. All Miss Rania’s belongings are here.” Our bedroom? He looks at me. “I know I owe you a foot massage from Winnipeg airport.” He winks at me. He still remembers that? “I will get ready in the other room. You carry on and enjoy your treat.” He kisses my forehead, leaving me with these two girls.

My royal treatment starts with waxing, scrubbing and a relaxing massage. Surprisingly, they have brought the whole spa with them. Within a couple of hours, I am massaged, scrubbed, polished, waxed, even manicured and pedicured. One of the ladies shapes my eyebrows, and after all the basic treatments, they ask me to put on the dress that I intend to wear tonight. I put on my black dress and sit in front of Adam’s grand dresser. The ladies treat me as if I am a princess, getting ready for a royal ball. The makeup and hair have done wonders for me. I can’t believe how gorgeous I look after this treatment. Adam knocks at the door around six in the evening, to check if I am ready.
