Still speechless, I enter the meeting room, which is filled with team members from my office. I see Ben, my boss, talking to the marketing guys. Ben is one of my father’s closest friends; they studied together thirty years ago at Glasgow University in Scotland. Ben moved to Canada ten years back and started his advertising firm. With many years of hard work, he has achieved the highest-profile corporate clientele in Canada, from large telecoms to winery businesses. I am really proud of him. He has always thought of me as his daughter, since he never had one of his own. Besides my father, he was the first man who held me after I was born.

He has a son, Mike, who is around my age and my only friend here. We grew up together in Beirut. In high school, we promised if we could not find a suitable partner for marriage by the age of twenty-five, we would marry each other. The thought of Mike makes me smile. He is a sweetheart. After high school, Mike took admission in Ryerson University and moved here with his father. When I came to Toronto, Ben and Mike were my emotional support system, and they still are. Ben always wanted Mike to join his business, but he became a cop instead. I love him very much and I would not do anything to jeopardize my friendship with him, although what he wants from me I cannot give to him. On my twenty-fifth birthday, he said: “Rania, it is high time that we should keep the promises we made together.” And I asked him to extend the promise five more years. My father is very fond of Mike, but I know he would never want me to marry someone outside my religious boundary. But the real reason I cannot marry him is that I never felt anything romantic for him. He is my friend and will always stay in that same compartment of my heart.

I bring my mind back to the room and head toward where my office friends are sitting, having breakfast. As I sit, Ben comes over to me.

“Good morning, princess, where have you been? You missed my speech.” Ben winks at me with his mischievous smile. He reminds me of Dad so much.

“Well...” I look around to avoid eye contact. “I got stuck... in... umm... a situation.” I am not sure if I should tell him about my accident.

“You didn't take anything to eat? Please, help yourself,” Ben says in a very affectionate way, just like my father would have.

“I am not hungry right now. But I will have something in a while. Thanks for asking, Ben.” I actually lost my appetite when I heard the words I got carried away.

A call on his cell phone distracts Ben.

“Yes? Dynham speaking. Yes... uh huh... really? Well, the pleasure is all mine... he is most welcome. Thank you for letting me know.” Ben puts the phone back in his jacket pocket and smiles from his heart.

“Your girlfriend called?” I ask him, while taking a sip of my coffee.

“No, not my girlfriend. Gibson Enterprises. Mr. Gibson will be coming here shortly to join us for breakfast. I am delighted. He is a very reserved man and he doesn't go anywhere if there is no business involved. If he is coming, I am sure he wants to talk to me about our further work with Gibson.” Ben shifts his gaze from me to the others around us with an announcement. “And further work means all your jobs are secure.”

We all talk about our piled-up deliverables, and Ben asks me if I can join him at a seminar in New York where private business owners and entrepreneurs gather every year to display their work and contributions to the world of advertising. It has always been a big event, and Ben makes lots of contacts for his company. Last year, it was a conference on animation in the media world. This year, they are highlighting graphics in e-magazines and e- catalogs. Ben is doing me a big favor; it is a great opportunity for me and my career.

While we are all engrossed in our futures, I look toward the entrance and see a man holding my travel mug. It's him.

What the hell is he doing here?

I go and meet him at the door.

“What are you doing here? I told you I can’t bring people in here,” I say to him, annoyed.

“Oh, I’m sorry. I came to return this and say thank you.” He hands me the mug, his sweet husky voice melting all my annoyance.

“You didn't have to. It was okay.”

“Rania...” Ben appears from nowhere and puts his arm around my shoulder. “You know Mr. Gibson?”

I look up at the green-eyed man with open mouth. Shit. I want to disappear. 

“Adam Gibson.” He extends his hand to me for a friendly shake.

God, bury me please.

I give my hand to him without saying a single word.

“Yes, Mr. Dynham, we met recently... in a... very interesting situation.” Adam smiles and winks at me wickedly, still holding my hand in his.
Ben shifts his gaze from Adam to me, his eyes carrying thousands of questions. I retrieve my hand from Adam’s firm grip and look at Ben with a foolish smile on my face.

“Well... I was a bit lost looking for this place...” I am talking to Ben but my eyes are on this overly sexy man. “Mr. Gibson was kind enough to guide me here.” I look down at my shoes; I want to avoid all the eyes on me.

“You are very welcome here, Mr. Gibson. It is a great honor for our firm that you joined us for breakfast. Some journalists and photographers are also here. I hope you don’t mind if they cover you for this event.” Ben looks really nervous. This handsome young man, who was holding my hand a minute ago, is a gold mine to Ben. He wants to make the most of this acquaintance.

Though our firm has an office here in Gibson’s building, Ben has never had a chance to even meet Adam Gibson personally. He has been trying to get Gibson’s company as a corporate client for years and this seems to be his only chance. I know already from his expression what he will ask me in the future.

“No, Mr. Dynham, I wouldn't mind at all, if your beautiful Creative Designer keeps me company.” He continues, “But before any photographs, I would request that she accompany me for the breakfast. She owes me one.” He looks at Ben. “I wanted to join her for breakfast, but she refused to entertain a famished person. The policies are very well defined here.” He smirks impishly; he is making fun of me in front of my boss.

How rude! Could this be more embarrassing?

Ben looks at me dubiously, as if I have been hiding something from him for years. I am not interested in what is going on in his mind. I just want to vanish from here.

“Of course, Mr. Gibson,” Ben says. “It is a privilege for us. Rania, please escort Mr. Gibson to the breakfast buffet.” Ben peeks at me and then smiles
at Adam. “Mr. Gibson, please enjoy your breakfast. I will see you shortly.”

I leave the conversation without bothering to look back. Adam follows me like my shadow. I hand him an empty plate with the cutlery. I can feel him watching me intently.

What does he want from me?

I have nothing to offer him. Every time our eyes meet, I feel he wants to ask me something. “Would you like some pancakes, Mr. Gibson?” I don't look at him.

“Yes, thank you, Rania. I’m not Mr. Gibson. Please call me Adam.” He moves up close behind me, whispering in my ear. “Not for you, at least.”

Oh my! I need some space.

He is so close that if I dared to turn around, we would end up with skin -to- skin contact. I pretend to ignore his intimate whispers. I don’t even have the courage to look around to check if anybody is watching us or not. I know how the media scavenge like vultures, seeking for gossip.

“I thought you ate the pumpkin bread. You still want more?” I finally find the courage to look in his eyes.

“I am always yearning for more, Ms. Ahmed. You have no idea how greedy and voracious I am.” He searches my face. I avert my eyes and move a few steps to the side, creating distance between us. He still keeps following me, watching me intently. Those green eyes could kill me. I cannot bear it anymore.

I wish I could escape.

“You are not eating anything?” he asks me in a friendly way, giving up on the sexy whispers. I feel like I can breathe again. Does he think after all that just happened, my stomach wouldn’t have knots?

“No. I have already. But thanks for asking. You want a muffin?” I ask, choosing a blueberry muffin for him.

He looks at the muffin and smiles. “Yes, please. You don't need to ask every time you pick something. Fill me with whatever your heart desires.”

Okay! Back to the sexy whispering roller coaster ride.

I try to move faster, filling his plate with breakfast so that I don't have to talk to him anymore. He is suffocating me with his whispers. No one has ever talked to me like that. They can all read the ‘not interested’ sign on my face. Why is this man different? Why can’t he see that sign on my forehead?

I should have realized that he runs this empire. It’s his damn building; he can come and go anywhere he wants. No wonder the security guards didn’t question him. And I pushed him away when he got carried away. I notice that he didn't lie at all. He speaks whatever is on his mind. Very intriguing!

“Can I ask you something, if you don’t mind?” he asks me in a very sweet manner. I stay quiet, pouring coffee for him. “Please look at me, Rania. I am talking to you.” I look up. He is standing close to me, very close. I don’t say anything, just let him continue. “Have we met before?” His eyes are searching mine.

“You think so?” I avert my gaze and look for sugar and cream.

“You look so... familiar. Your eyes... I have seen those eyes before,” he says, and rests himself on the corner of the buffet table.

“That’s so cheesy, Mr. Gibson,” I reply, rolling my eyes at him.

“I’m serious.” He scowls at me.

“Mr. Gibson, there are almost seven billion people in this world. You think God will not repeat the eyes? And it is said that there are seven more faces similar to each of ours. Did you know that?” Now, I do look at him.

“I know what you are saying... but...” He comes closer to read my eyes. The coffee cup starts to shake in my hand.

What is he about to say?

“The eyes holding a thousand secrets... they cannot be in a population of seven billion. That maddening darkness doesn't exist anywhere else. Please tell me if we have ever met before.” He realizes my hand is shaking and takes the cup from me.

“I didn't even know your name, Mr. Gibson. How can you ask if we have met?” I pick up another cup of tea for myself. He hands me the milk pot, but he doesn't stop looking at me. I add milk and sugar to my tea and turn around.

Ben is looking at us skeptically.

Oh crap!

I am not interested in any more interrogation. Ben walks toward us and Adam shifts two steps back to give us space. I take a deep breath, relieved.

Ben asks me to join him and Adam. I don’t have a bloody choice, do I? He leads us to an empty table and we sit down, me facing Adam across the table.

“So, Mr. Dynham, how come your marketing team is here and your creative team is operating from another location?” He looks at me specifically when he says creative. Ben watches us to find out if he is missing something.

“Mr. Gibson, I always wanted my company to operate from one location, I mean this one. But the office space is all occupied here. We have half of the thirteenth floor, and the Petersons law firm has the other half. If they ever vacate, we’d snap up that space.”

Adam takes a sip of his coffee. His posture is slightly tilted toward Ben, right elbow resting on the table. He rubs his lower lip with his index finger, thinking something. I guess this is his habitual gesture of contemplation. He finally looks up with a slight curve to his lips.

“I want your creative people to work from this location, Mr. Dynham, if you are interested in doing business with us.”

He has surprised both Ben and me with his proposition. It seems that if Ben wants Gibson's business, that means we all move in here. Adam and me, working at the same location. His gaze has suffocated me enough. How can I...?
“So, Mr. Dynham, how soon can you move in here? I can vacate the complete floor for you. We can sign the lease later on. Move in first, and then we will further discuss business prospects and—”

He gets interrupted by a phone call. “Excuse me, please...” He accepts the call, but looks furious at being interrupted. I twist my ring around my finger and when I look up, he is looking at me and then at my ring, though he is still speaking on the phone. Ben has apparently noticed the way he is staring.

“Yes?... uh huh... that’s good... so quick?... I am impressed... yes, I will come up soon... see you...” He ends the call. He is smiling. Something pleasant has obviously happened. His girlfriend called?

“Please excuse me. I need to go to the ladies’ room.” I need an excuse to get the hell out of here.

“And please excuse me as well; I have to attend an urgent meeting,” Adam says, and stands up with me. Ben follows us to be courteous.

“Mr. Gibson, thank you very much for joining us. It is extremely gratifying for us to have the honor of your company. If you don’t mind, can we have a photograph together?” Ben interrupts his exit. It is a perfect time to slip out of here. So I move toward the door.

“Ms. Ahmed, please join us. Honor me with your presence,” Adam says from behind me.

I close my eyes for a moment and turn. Both the men are waiting for my answer. I have to smile back; I have no other option, do I? Ben waves over a photographer from some business magazine. I stand between Ben and Adam. The photographer asks us to move closer. Adam shifts slightly toward me, crowding me, and I lose my balance. He grabs me by my waist as if he knew I was falling.

“Hey, you okay?”

How can someone ask like this, so charmingly?

“Yes. Thanks.” I stand up straight. His hands are still holding me from the back, and he doesn’t seem like he’s planning to move them. It is not fair that he can send electricity up my spine with just his touch.

The photographer does his work and leaves.

“Thank you very much, Mr. Gibson. We will not take up any more of your very precious time. We all look forward to working with your prestigious company.” Ben is shaking hands with Adam very firmly. He is looking forward to this opportunity, and I know he would never put it at risk for any reason.

“I also look forward to it, Mr. Dynham. More than you.” Adam’s eyes rake down my body from my head to my shoes, when he says more than you. “It would be a great privilege for me if Ms. Ahmed would escort me to the elevator.” Adam takes one deeper look.

“Please come,” I say to Ben. I have a feeling that Ben will be using me in getting this business, like bait. I don’t like that idea. He had always treated me like his daughter.

I start walking quickly to the elevator.

“Rania?” I hear Adam’s voice behind me but I don't stop. It is a long corridor and I have to get it over with soon and push him inside the elevator so that he can vanish once and for all.

Just keep moving!

“Rania, please stop. I am talking to you.” He grabs me by my elbow and pushes me toward the wall.

“Mr. Gibson, I have been asked to escort you to the elevator. I assume you are late for your urgent meeting.” He puts one hand on the wall, over my head, blocking the view from the Maple Room, if anyone should happen to be looking at us.

His eyes bore into me, and when I look at him, he says, “And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.” He smiles at me but I look away, ignoring his appreciation for me. “Why are you doing this to me? What have I done to deserve this?” His plea is melting me like snow on a sunny winter afternoon. Our eyes lock.

“Deserve what? What did I do, Mr. Gibson?” I keep my tone very professional.

“You know what I’m talking about. You ignore me... all the time. You don’t look at me when you talk. I feel like you’re trying to escape from me. Do I intimidate you?” His appeal sounds more like a silent prayer.

I don’t realize at first that his other hand is on my face, lifting my chin so that I can look into his eyes. There is no sexual intention. No lust. Just a request. At his touch, my heart starts to beat very loudly.

“I am not comfortable talking to strangers, Mr. Gibson. I hardly know you.”

“Then let’s get to know each other. I want to know you. Everything about you. How about lunch together today? Let me take you out somewhere.”

What? He is asking me out? Say something, Rania, before you start melting in his arms.

“We just had breakfast; there is no room for lunch, I don’t think.” I move away from him, and this time he takes his hands off of me.

“How about coffee... umm... juice? Ice cream?” He sounds really desperate.

“I have some work, Mr. Gibson. I cannot delay it.” I look around the corridor and see Ben standing in the doorway; perhaps he has been watching us all the time. I don’t care what he might be thinking.

“How about dinner tonight then?” He is unstoppable. Why doesn't the day end at lunchtime? He is making me furious. I have handled many men in this situation. I know how to push men away. I am good at it.

“I have plans.” I avoid his gaze. I don't want him to catch my lie. I look down and rotate my ring on my finger.

“What plans?” His tone changes immediately, and he scowls.

“I have my personal life as well, Mr. Gibson. Goodbye.”

And I escape from his gaze and run into the ladies room. I don’t even care if Ben sees it or not. I am sure Adam wants me. There was desperation in those green eyes. He would ask me out to dinner, and then he would take me back to his place, and eventually he would use me as his fucking toy and toss me aside. By now he should know I am not that girl, one who would drool over his bank balance and kiss the ground he walks on.

Not a chance!
