I open my eyes sometime around mid-afternoon, judging by the sun through the window. When I turn, I see Rania deeply immersed in her prayers. She is covered from head to toe, with only her face, hands, and feet showing, and such is her concentration that I feel like she is talking directly to God. I keep watching her, the way she looks down and then bows deeply, her lips moving constantly. She looks divine and sacred, purity and innocence shining from her. The light I see emanating from her is so strong that I would be afraid to stand in front of her—I would burn up from the intensity. It will surely burn me someday, but the truth is I want to burn myself in this light. I recall my confessions of last night. Did I say too much? She’s my friend, so she would definitely have understood what I was feeling at that moment. She has restored chapters of my life, which were burned and destroyed so long ago. I can’t ever repay what she has done for me, but I promise myself that no matter what happens, I will always stand by her side. But how long will you be able to keep her in your life, Adam? You are only living in the present. What about the future? Is there a future? Her light may not be only for you. You may need to let her go someday. My brain is bombarding my heart with bitter truths. I don’t know how long this is going to last, but I don’t want to let go of it.

I see her moving her head back and forth and raising her hands, as if seeking something from God. I wonder what she’s asking of Him. If I were able to pray, I would pray for her, ask God to end her pain and set her soul free from her terrible past. Though I don’t know the details, those scars were enough to give me an idea of what she’s been through. She finishes her prayers and looks at me with a smile.

“You slept well?”

“You look beautiful in your prayer scarf. Very sacred and pure.” She looks down shyly. I glance up at the art on the wall above her prayer spot. It is something written in Arabic, in a bronze frame. She follows my gaze to it, then looks back to me.

“What is that? What does it say?” I ask her, curious.

“Word of God, from the Holy Quran, an important part of prayer. It’s called Fateha, meaning ‘the Opening.’”

“Can you read it to me?”

She looks up at me in surprise. “You really want to know?”

“I want to know what you were saying to God, when you were praying,” I say. She smiles and folds her prayer mat, then takes the frame from the wall and sits beside me. She moves her fingers over the Arabic inscription and translates for me.

“In The Name of Allah, Most Compassionate, Ever Merciful. All praises be to Allah alone, the Sustainer of all the worlds. Most Compassionate, Ever- Merciful. Master of the Day of Judgment. You alone do we worship and to You alone, we look for help. Show us the straight path. The path of those upon whom, You have bestowed Your favors. Not of those, who have been afflicted with wrath and nor of those, who have gone astray.”

“You say this in every prayer?” I look at the frame and back to her.

“Yes, and much more like this.” She stands up and hangs the frame back on the wall.

“It definitely looks like the word of God. A good approach to see the right path,” I say, placing my feet on the floor. “But do you think He always listens to you?” My question catches her attention. She takes off her scarf and sits beside me again, facing the wall.

“He listens to everyone, Adam. If you pray on this mat or anywhere else, He always listens. About the answering—we humans are very impatient. Sometimes, we want our wishes to be answered on the spot, but what God has decided for us is much better than our imagination. We feel sometimes that He is not listening and not answering our prayers, but maybe, He has kept something for us far better than what our heart desires.” She takes my hand in hers and looks at me. “So whenever you feel like making a wish, always wish that whatever He gives you, should be beneficial for you. In this way, all your good and genuine wishes would be answered.”

“Sometimes, I envy that you have such a strong faith. How can someone possibly be—”

“That’s what I am saying, Adam. Seek for the right path from Him and not the wishes. Your wishes will eventually be answered, once you are on the path.” She looks into my eyes with sincerity. “When Grace was with your father, she might have wished for a happy life with him, but what God gave her was much more blessed. Now when you see Grace and Brian, don’t you think they were meant for each other? God acknowledged Grace’s goodness and He awarded her more than her heart desired. So when your wishes or prayers are not answered, don’t think that they are not accepted. They are, but they will be heeded sooner or later, in a better form. More than you imagine.”

We look at each other for a while. I agree with her, when it comes to Grace and Brian. I don’t know what she wished for, but what she got meant her prayer was answered.

“Do you pray for yourself, Rania?” I keep looking at her, but she averts her eyes and stares blankly at the wall. “I mean just for yourself, asking Him to get rid of your nightmares?”

She stays quiet for a moment, then smiles. “I don’t remember how I asked Him to end my nightmares, but when I see you, I feel that He has already answered my prayer.” She walks out of the room without saying anything further, leaving me speechless. Am I an answer to her prayers?

How can she deliver those deep words so easily? Does she realize what she just said to me? If I am actually an answer to her silent prayer, then she has burdened me with a lot of responsibility. I will have to make sure that the reward she has got remains a blessing to her, and not a curse. If she is talking about how my presence keeps away her nightmares, then she may be right, but what about other prayers, regarding her past and her scars? Am I an answer for that too? There are so many unanswered questions piled up in my mind, but somehow, the boundary she’s set won’t let me ask them. I know if I try to cross it, I will burn myself. Should I take the risk, or should I wait for her to erase her boundaries and come out of her capsule?

I go look for her and find her busy in the kitchen, setting plates on the countertop.

“Lunch time, Mr. Gibson.” She smiles at me innocently. I walk over and sit on the bar stool.

“You were making lunch, while I was sleeping?” “Yeah, and cleaning my home also.”

“It already looked clean to me.”

“I like perfection, Mr. Gibson.” She smirks at me. “I’m almost out of groceries, so I used whatever was available in my fridge.” She serves me a plate with a sandwich and green salad. I take a sip of fresh orange juice, which tastes extremely good. I take a bite from the sandwich and look at her. She is waiting, probably for my feedback.

“Apart from the beauty and grace you carry in your body and heart, Miss Ahmed, you also possess culinary skills. You have impressed me,” I say, with my mouth full. She giggles at me, and starts eating. “You always amuse me, Miss Ahmed. What other skills do you have? Is there any other surprise?”

She looks up from her glass and smiles. “Surprises.” She emphasizes the word. “Jokes aside, I don’t think I have any skills, so don’t over-praise me.”

“Oh yeah? You want me to count them?” I look around the room and then back to her. “Let's see. You are good in your field, I mean your graphic design thing, of course. And then you dance like an enchantress.” I count her skills on my fingers and she smiles at me from her heart. “And you charm everyone around you.”

“Really?” she interrupts with surprise.

“Oh, so you want me to count the victims. Let’s see...” I hear her giggling at me. “Apart from the badly awestruck Adam Gibson, there were seventeen men at the party last week, who were deprived of the privilege of dancing with you. Then we have Mike, of course, and my family—Brian, Grace and Eva. There were also the Senator and his wife we met at the opera, and the other men who were literally drooling at you there, and the souvenir store girl, who was smitten, and then my special man Ali and...” She laughs heartily at my way of counting. “And I don’t know how many more to come.”

She shakes her head with her innocent laugh. “Ali? Where did he come from?”

“Oh yes, Miss Ahmed. You have charmed that poor guy too. He says hi to you before he even notices me, when he sees us together. As if I don’t exist when you’re around.”

“He’s only being nice to me.”

“Oh, sure, whatever. So where were we...” I grin at her. “Your skills... as I see, you cook well, which makes me take a decision that I should come here every night for dinner. And there are many more, which are actually too personal to tell you right now, but best of all, you are an amazing storyteller.” She looks down at her juice shyly, avoiding my smoldering gaze. “When you were reading the book to me, I actually felt myself back in time being King Sheharyar, and that you were my Sheharzaad, telling me all the magical stories.”

“Then it is not my skill, Adam. It is the author’s skill, which created an imaginary world for you.”

“I agree a bit, but I don’t think it would be the same if I read it myself. It wasn’t me who created the imaginary world. I stepped into your world, the way you created the magic around us. It actually made me believe that I was part of those stories.”

I take a deep breath. “In fact, you are a secret thief.” I wink at her and she looks at me, perplexed. “You have stolen my capability of reading stories on my own. It could never be the same.”

I think some more. “So, other than that, you know how to run and make a man chase and stalk you, even if that isn’t his nature.”

My statement makes her giggle. She goes into the kitchen to get something from the fridge. As she looks inside it, she says, “I am a good runner. It is truly hard to catch me.”

“Oh yeah? I can catch you anytime, anywhere, Miss Ahmed. You have no idea how my intelligence service works.”

She takes out the chilled water and pours some into a glass. “The catch doesn’t require intelligence, Mr. Gibson. It requires stamina.” With that, she grins at me mischievously, and I instantly read what is going on in her naughty mind. So she wants to play games? She wants me to chase her? I stand up from my seat, and she immediately puts the water down and runs toward the living room. I go after her and she screams with excitement.

“You don’t know this, Miss Ahmed, but I work out for two hours every day. It has given me enough stamina.” I keep chasing her. She runs behind one couch and I follow her. “You have provoked the wrong man this time.” She runs crazily, like a child, still laughing, and I follow her like an idiot. She rushes into her bedroom and hops on the bed, rolling to the other side. I shut the door behind me and take a short cut to the other side, grabbing her arm and pushing her down on the bed. She screams again, still laughing, as I pin both her hands to the mattress, her wrists locked in my hands. But when she looks up into my eyes, she recognizes the intensity in them.

We both try to catch our breath, but I’m still pinning her wrists to the bed. I can feel her heart pounding under me. We look at each other, lost, saying no words. Our eyes say everything. Is it the right time to kiss her? As soon as I bring my mouth close to hers, she closes her eyes to avoid my heat. I am an inch away from her lips when she starts to breathe harder and opens her eyes, looking frightened. She glances toward the door, as if somebody is standing there, but I don’t see anyone. I do feel the heaviness in the air that I’ve felt before.

“Let me go.” She closes her eyes again. “Adam, please.” I roll away, releasing my grip, wondering what happened to the laughing Rania who was here a few minutes ago. She sits up immediately, but her eyes are locked on the wall beside the door.

I don’t know what happens to her every time I try to kiss her, but I can see there’s something terribly wrong. I assume some asshole from her past has hurt her so much that her body is conditioned to reject intimate encounters. But it also seems like she feels someone’s presence in our private moments. She’s never frightened when we talk, or dance, or eat together. She is still panting, staring at the wall, and when I touch her on the shoulder, she shrinks back in fear and gives tiny scream.

“It’s just me, Rania.” She looks back to me. I see the same torture in her eyes that consumes her nightmares.

She walks out of the bedroom and I follow her. She fetches water for herself, but she is fighting hard for her breath, leaning against the counter. Her body language warns me not to try to get close to her, or even talk to her. I sit quietly on the couch, but my eyes still watch her every move. She busies herself with picking up our lunch plates and cleaning up the kitchen. She takes out the mop and starts mopping the floor. Why is she cleaning an already clean floor? Is she one of those people who clean wildly to ward off panic attacks? My phone chimes, breaking the silence.

“Yes, Ali. Yes... what? Are you serious? Who? That’s... yes, I’m still here... okay, I’m coming down... you have security? I don’t believe it...” I hang up the phone and Rania looks at me, bewildered. I go down to meet Ali in the lobby. He is waiting for me with the newspaper in his hand.

“Who do you think leaked the news?” Ali asks me. I look at the paper, which has a picture of Rania and me taken outside Moore’s estate. There is another picture of us standing outside this building. The article says that many people saw me go upstairs with her last night, which to them confirms our relationship. How is she going to face her father now? I don’t care what they write about me, but I don’t want her reputation ruined.

I come back to her apartment and sit down on the couch without saying anything. She sits opposite me on the ottoman, but doesn’t ask any questions. She’s probably waiting for me to say something.

“Here,” I hand her the newspaper. “Someone has leaked the news of our visit to my parents last night. It is also on the Internet.” She just looks at me with shock. “And apparently, the media know that I stayed here with you last night. Some of the photographers are still downstairs, waiting to snap us together for their entertainment magazines.”

Rania covers her mouth with her hands. I don’t know what to say.

“Damn it!” I stand up, raking my fingers in my hair. “I should have backed up the security there, and outside this building.”

She stands up to face me. “Adam? Are you afraid of being caught with me? If my company is spoiling your reputation, then...”

“It’s not about my reputation, dammit. It’s about you. I promised to protect your privacy. This news could easily reach your father, and then he would ask you to stay away from me, which I can’t afford.” I see her shocked face —her expression says she didn’t see that coming. “I don’t know for what bloody reason you’re hiding your past from me, but I am damn sure that those vultures are going to dig out everything about you and I will have to read it in the papers.” I move fiercely about the room. She sits down to regain her balance, as my response has definitely taken her off guard. “I can’t protect you when I don’t know what I’m protecting. I’ve tried to ask you so many times, but you kept pushing me away.” I sit down on the couch and hold her hands. “They’re not here for me, Rania. They’re here for you. So please, if there’s anything you haven’t told me, tell me now.” She just looks at me blankly and I realize she has no plans to spill the beans. Her phone chimes and she drops my hands to answer it.

“Hello... Baba? How are you?” There is a silence. “No, Baba... there is nothing like that... he is only a friend... just like Mike... I swear, Baba... I promise...” She ends her phone call and looks at me. It seems like her father hung up on her. She’s trembling, and I wrap my arms around her. She bursts into tears. I see how hurt she is, but I don’t know if it’s the news or her father’s attitude that hurt her. She wasn’t this upset last week, when the first pictures were in the paper.

“This is the first time I’ve heard his voice in five years.” She speaks into my chest, trying to catch her breath between sobs. “He didn’t even ask me how I am... all he had to ask was...” She starts crying again. I tighten my hug to make her feel that I’ll always be at her side. “I don’t deserve any goodness, Adam. I am the worst daughter a man can ever have.”

I pull her away to look into her eyes. She avoids any eye contact with me. I brush her hair away from her face and hold her face in my hands.

“Don’t ever say that, Rania. You deserve everything good in life.”

“No, Adam, I don’t. Please, don’t think so highly of me. My father hates me.”

“Why do you say that, baby? No one can ever hate his child. And you are his only child. Why would he hate you?”

“Because I killed his wife, Adam,” she screams at me. “I killed my mother. I took away the love of his life.” She hides her face in her hands. I’m in shock. How could she have killed her mother? She can’t even kill an insect. I move her hands away from her face so I can see her. She still doesn’t look at me, but manages to speak. “He hasn’t spoken to me since Mom’s death. We lived like strangers under the same roof for three months. He didn’t even say good-bye to me when I came to Toronto. And now... after so many years, I hear his voice... he never missed me, Adam. If Mom doesn't exist, then I don’t exist. I am just a dark lost shadow now, living under a curse.”

I have no idea what to say to all that. I don’t really believe that she could kill her mother.

“I know you couldn’t kill anyone, Rania. But I want to know what happened.”
She inhales deeply and closes her eyes in pain. “Mom and I were in the car. I was driving. Baba was never happy with my habit of speeding. We had an accident with a truck, and...” Tears cloud her eyes. “I bloody killed her. Why didn’t I die instead?” She hides her face in despair and starts crying again. Why does she blame herself for an accident? It could happen to anyone. Did her father make her believe that she actually killed her mother?

“I am very sorry to hear about this, but it was an accident. Why do you blame yourself?”

“Because I was driving. I was speeding.” So she can drive, but her confidence is shattered after her mother’s death. I wonder now, if the accident was so bad, if she was hurt too. She answers the question without my asking. “I was in a coma for three days. When I woke up, I heard from my aunt that my mom’s funeral was over. I didn’t even get a chance to say a prayer by her side. My dad never came to the hospital to see me.” She takes a deep breath. I see how painful it is for her to tell me this. “I was in the hospital for ten more days. He didn’t come once. I told myself he was in shock, because I knew how much he loved my mom. I deluded myself that he didn’t want to inflict his pain on me, but that was not true. He didn’t want to see me.” She looks down at her fingers.

“One night after I came home, he got drunk and said everything that was burdening his soul. He blamed me for killing his wife, he told me how much he hates me, he told me he didn’t want to see me ever again because I make him remember that his love is no more.” She rests her head on the couch and closes her eyes. How could her dad torture her like this? And now, when she is finally able to move on, how can he try to stop her being close to me? Is this the reason why she pushes me away all the time? Because she thinks she killed her mother and doesn't deserve happiness? I hug her tightly to warm her from my embrace, but she is still trembling.

I have no idea how to comfort her, but I sit with her, trying to reassure her with my presence. She rests her head on my shoulder, but doesn’t open her eyes. “I can’t hurt him even more, Adam. I have taken everything from him. His job is all that’s left. I don’t want to ruin his reputation.” She doesn’t say she can’t continue our friendship, but I know that’s what she means. I promised to protect her privacy, but I failed. This problem seems to be a sign that I should leave her alone. No, I can’t leave her, when I know she is in so much pain. I will never leave unless she asks me to. Right now, she looks exhausted. I hold her in my arms and start running my fingers gently through her hair.

“I haven’t told anyone about this, Adam, what my dad said to me.” She looks up at me. “Please, don’t ever break my trust.”

“Does Mike know?”

“I told you. No one knows. Mike knows about my mom’s death, obviously, but not what my dad told me that night. It is too bitter to share.”

I look into her eyes and say sincerely, “Thanks for trusting me.” We go quiet again, trying to gauge each other’s feelings, until she speaks again.

”Adam?”

“Hmm?”

“If one day I tell you some things about me, will you believe me?”

I look at her to reassure her. “I'd always believe you. I know you don’t lie, Rania.”

She looks down at my collar, trying to find words. “Even if... even if it sounds unreal... would you still believe it?” I check her face, trying to read every expression, work out what she’s trying to tell me.

“I will wait for the day when you tell me everything. And trust me, I will believe you.” I give her a kiss on her forehead and she closes her eyes instantly at my touch.

“If I tell you something someday that sounds unbelievable, will you believe me too?” I ask, brushing my fingers in her soft hair. “If I tell you... you remind me of someone I met but...” She looks at me quizzically, and nods. Her eyes tell me that she will believe me, if I ever tell her.

We sit here for I don’t know how long. I feel like she needs me as much as I need her. We each lack something that can be found in the other, but neither of us knows exactly what. Finally, I ask her something I’ve wanted to ask since I visited Edmonton with her.

“If I ask you to give me two weeks of your life, would you do it?” She looks at me, her eyebrows furrowed. I know she doesn’t understand what I mean. “I want to see this city with you. Would you show it to me?” She still looks puzzled. Okay, I need to explain. “Last night, when you were asleep, I saw the photo album you and Mike made. You guys have created so many memories together, it made me envious. You’ve visited so many places in and around the city. I don’t have any memories with anyone. Would you make a memory with me?” She still doesn’t say anything, so I continue, “I want to see museums, art galleries, tourist attractions, everything. I want to relive the life I missed. And I want to relive it with you.”

“Adam, I don’t know what to say. This is your city. You’ve always lived here.”

“It’s not that I haven’t seen it. I went to the science center with my grade school class, and the museum during high school. But I never did things on my own, just for fun. I’ve never even walked down Niagara Falls Street.” She opens her mouth in shock, totally disbelieving. “I’ve seen it from the top floors of hotels, when I attended meetings and conferences. But not close up. When we roamed around the streets of Edmonton, I realized how these little things create treasured moments. I want to build memories for myself.” I take a deep breath. She listens to me intently. “I know it sounds totally strange to you, but can you take off from work for two weeks, until Christmas?”

She’s still looking at me in shock. Why isn’t she getting this?

“Adam Gibson wants me to be his guide?” She smirks mischievously. “I am
honored.”

“I’m serious, Rania. I want to see everything, the way you see it. You make everything magical. I’m tired of living an artificial life with meetings and conferences and public appearances all the time. I’m tired of being scrutinized: what I wear, what I do, what I eat, where I go. I just want to live a normal life. And I feel normal when I’m with you.”

“So you don’t think you'd be scrutinized when you’re roaming around in public places with me?”

“I don’t care, as long as it doesn’t bother you.”

“It doesn’t bother me, Adam. You’re my friend. It’s okay if the paparazzi are chasing you and linking you with me. I have already told my dad that we are only friends. If he is not buying the idea, then I can’t really help it. I know my heart is clear, so I really don’t give a shit what people say about us.”

“That’s my girl.” I smile at her sincerely. “So, will you give me these two weeks of your life?”

“Sure. Let me talk to Ben and tell him I’m taking off. I’m sure it won’t be a problem. I haven’t taken a vacation in years.” She pauses for a moment. “But I have some conditions. If you agree, then I agree to give you my life for two weeks.” I look at her quizzically, so she continues. “No spending money lavishly, no reserving places just for us. They are public places, so we visit them the way they are. Just like normal people. Okay?”

“Agreed. Anything else?”

“We will buy our own tickets and our own meals. And I expect you not to argue.”

“You won’t let me pay for the tickets? Why not?”

“Because we are not dating, Mr. Gibson. So be a gentleman and agree to my terms.”

“Gentlemen don’t let their ladies pay,” I say blankly.

“Okay, then be a dirty friend. I want to be equal in this.”

I roll my eyes at her. “Okay, agreed. Next?”

“We will travel the way I travel. You want to see the city through my eyes, then you will have to travel with me on public transport. No expensive cars and helicopter rides. Okay?”

“What? Are you crazy? You expect me to ride on subways and buses? Why would I do that? I have a car.”

“Mr. Gibson, I know you have cars and not just one car. But like you said, you want to lead a normal life. If you think my life is normal, then no cars.” She crosses her arms over her chest.

“You are impossible.” I shake my head in disbelief.

“You can add that to my skill set you just mentioned.” She winks at me with a flashing smile. I roll my eyes again at her.

“I agreed to your pay-your-own-way condition. You can’t be serious on that. Come on.”

“Okay, then split this condition. Anything within Toronto, we will use public transport. Anything outside the city, you can bring your grand cars, whatever.” She is so hard to convince sometimes. Why do I always let her win? But I have asked such a huge favor from her, I have no choice other than to agree.

“All right.”

She shifts a bit to face me directly. I see the excitement in her body language. “Okay, so where do you want to start?”

“Anywhere. I will just follow you.”

“Will you be able to take off from your business for two weeks, Adam?”

“I have worked a lot, Rania. I’m tired of running. I need to rest.”

“Cool. So be ready for surprises.” She smiles at me.

“So tell me what amazes you, when you hang out?”

“The whole world amazes me. I haven’t seen it all, but I’m pretty sure it is beautiful, because God has put perfection everywhere.”

“So we will see the whole world one day, and amaze ourselves.” I smile at her and she gives me a bewildered look. My phone chimes with a reminder. “Shit.” I shake my head furiously. “I totally forgot. I have a dinner to attend at the mayor’s house, tonight.” I look at her, and she smiles. “What? Why are you smiling?”

“Nothing. I was imagining what the CEO of Gibson Enterprises will look like, traveling in a subway, hanging around in museums and other public places —the person who meets mayors and senators and endorses high-end brands. He will be encountering a totally different life.”

“It’s because you’re making me do things I never imagined doing. You have the capability to tame anyone. So I better add that to your skill set.” She giggles at my compliment to her. It is almost five in the evening and I have no choice but to go home and change for the party.

“How about you join me at the dinner? I will pick you up in an hour.”

“No way. My Adam is not a CEO of an empire, so he would never expect me to accompany him to official meetings. The Adam I know is my friend, who still needs training on how to do justice to an ice cream,” she says, adjusting the collar of my T-shirt. My Adam! So very sexy. “You go and transform yourself into a CEO now, and I will text you about the plan tomorrow.”

“You are throwing me out of your house, huh?”

“Yes, certainly. Because this man right now is a CEO who is invited to some lavish party.” She points to my chest. “And he needs to go there because he has already committed.”

“All right. I’ll call you when I’m done. I really wish you’d come, though. I’m going to be bored to death. All they talk about is politics.” I wrinkle my nose in disgust and she giggles at me. I fetch my jacket from the closet, kiss her on the forehead, and leave for the boring dinner.
