Do I intimidate her?

My eyes keep following her as she disappears into the ladies’ room. She dazzles me every time. What is in her that I have not seen in any other girl? She doesn't seem to be interested in me at all, and still, I can’t keep my eyes off her. I know I made her uncomfortable and nervous, ogling her like I did.

You are fucking screwed, Adam!

There is something in her that keeps pulling me toward her, yet she keeps pushing me away. I have my personal life as well, Mr. Gibson. Does she have a boyfriend? It’s too frustrating to even imagine someone holding her hand, kissing her, getting close to her. I close my eyes and shake my head. The mere idea makes me feel chafed.

Shit! What am I doing?

I realize she is not like the other girls whom I used merely to satisfy my sexual urges. My heart and soul are swinging between celibacy and desire. I don't know what I want from her but I know I want to keep her, admire her beauty... forever.

I enter my room and Ali is waiting for me. “We have found some information about the... girl. You want me to read it out, or will you have a look for yourself?” Ali realizes instantly that I am not myself. That’s why he suggests the idea of reading it out to me.

I stand mutely, facing the Toronto skyline, visible through the large floor-to-ceiling windows behind my chair. “Carry on,” I say, speaking low, not sure if he has heard me.

“The girl... umm... Rania Ahmed; she has worked as a creative graphics designer at Greenway Advertising for three years.” I stare out the window, listening intently to what Ali has to share. “She graduated from Ryerson University in Software Engineering and started working with Gibbs and Gills software company as a software developer. She did some courses in digital media and printing, and joined Greenway later on.” I see Ali’s reflection in the glass as he checks my expression. He continues, “She lives in North York near the Finch station, in Archeries Condominiums. Apartment number 1609. The apartment is owned by Ben Dynham, which means she is renting it.” The name catches my attention.

“What did you say? Who owns the apartment?” I turn back to face Ali, whose eyes are fixed on his report.

“Ben Dynham. I suppose he is the same guy, CEO of Greenway. Her rent is deducted from her salary. That’s what it shows here.” So this means Ben and Rania have a relationship other than an employee and employer. I need more details on that. Ali continues. “She is originally from Lebanon. Her father’s name is Ahmed Al-Bari. We do not have any record of him right now. She came on a student’s visa five years back, graduated, and filed for her immigration. Currently, she does not carry a Canadian passport. She is twenty-five years old and will be turning twenty-six in January.” Ali looks to see if I have anything to say. I sit down in my black leather chair and close my eyes, leaning against the headrest. “I am not sure what other information I can provide. Her record shows she doesn’t even have a driver’s license.” Really? No car, and she is living in Toronto? Ali sounds surprised too. “I am not sure about her personal interests, Adam, but her credit card transactions show that she likes reading. The major transactions are from Amazon, downloading e-books. Apparently, she doesn’t have a Facebook account, but she is on some professional websites. Other than that, she has a membership in a dance school, which runs a dance class every day. She is enrolled in the evening classes.” My eyes open wide at that.

“I need the address of the dance school.” I take the paper from him and check what he has to share.

“Sure. Anything else you would like to know? I will follow her routine as you asked me, but don’t you think this is violating her privacy?” I look up at him, and his eyes show some sympathy for her. “I am sorry, Adam, I have no right to intrude in your personal life, but she doesn't seem like the others that have been in your past. I don’t want you to end up disappointed. Her record shows she is single. At the age of twenty-five, she has no boyfriend or husband. This means she is the type who waits for the right person. With a belief of... umm... some kind of soulmate, perhaps. I am from the same religious background, and I know in our culture, women don’t have relationships other than with the man they marry. This is how they are raised.” Ali takes a seat opposite me, and I know he wants to say more. I stay quiet. I believe his point is valid. “We belong to a very conservative society. Having a sexual, or any kind of physical relationship outside of marriage, is not permissible in our religion. And if this girl is even a little bit religious or follows the values she was raised by, then you would have to try too hard. She may not be your type, Adam.” I rest my elbow on the desk and rub my forehead. I am gazing at the paper, my eyes down, but I am not reading it. “I don’t know what is going on in your mind or how you plan to go ahead with this girl, but I can see that she has changed you. I have not seen you like this before. You look lost!” Ali has always been like a brother to me, more than a friend, though his job description says he is just my bodyguard. I can tell he is concerned about me now. I lean back on the headrest and close my eyes again.

“If you don’t mind my asking you, where did you meet her? I mean the first time?” First time? Is she the same woman I saw a few months back? But that place never existed.

“This morning. Outside the building.”

“And?”

“Ah... I just kept staring at her.” Ali’s smile leaves his lips and he becomes more attentive to my words, but he waits for me to continue. “I was completely dazzled. I stood there doing... nothing. It felt like I was under some spell. And when she looked up at me, I was...” I am at a loss for words.

“Awed?” Ali continues on my behalf. He has found the right word.

“Yes, exactly. Thank you.” I open my eyes and look at him with gratitude. His smile comes back. Something is going on in his head, but I cannot figure it out. There is too much going on in my own mind.

“I am speechless, Adam. You sound like a mid-century poet. It looks like a love-at-first-sight thing to me.” He winks at me with a mischievous smile.

Love? I never thought about it. No, it cannot be love. Women are only for sexual pleasure. How can you give your heart at first sight and surrender everything you have? You are not as imbecilic as that. You run an empire here. You don’t approach women and beg them to have mercy on you. You are a ruthless man, Adam. You have broken many hearts. You cannot give your heart to someone.

“Why don’t you ask her for a date? Take her out for lunch or dinner and get to know her.” Ali’s suggestions interrupt my thoughts.

“I did. She seemed to...” I avert my eyes and look down at the paper. “Ignore me.”

“Ignore you? A girl ignoring Adam Gibson?” His voice is full of amusement.

“Yes, Ali. She ignored me.” My eyes widen and my words are very specific.

“No doubt exists that all women are crazy; it's only a question of degree.”[1] Ali smirks at me and I look at him, open-mouthed. “Did you ask her in a decent manner? I mean, you have never asked a girl out before. I doubt your experience in this field.” Ali has a point. He has more experience than me in terms of approaching women. “You met her today and you asked her out already. Isn’t it too soon?” He makes it sound as if I have done something against the laws of dating. “Obviously, it is not an at-first-sight thing from her side. Girls’ minds don’t work like that, Adam. You need to give ‘em some space. At least, normal girls, not the ones you pick up at a club or a party. Does she know who you are? I mean, your social status?” Ali’s interrogation seems never-ending. He is concerned about me. And he is the only one with whom I can share my feelings.

“Yes, after I surprised her at breakfast. But even after she learned who I was, she still didn’t give a damn.” I take a sip of water from the glass that Sylvain keeps filled on my desk. “She is the first girl I’ve met who has no interest in money. She didn't look rich to me, but there was no greed in her eyes. She was dressed simply and...”

I am out of words.

“Conservatively?” Ali can read my mind. He always comes up with the right words.

“Yes. Thanks.” The dress she was wearing showed all her curves, but she was fully covered, not showing a single inch of her body other than her face and hands. Even so, she was seductive. She was not wearing expensive jewelry, but I noticed that she twisted her ring every time she felt uncomfortable. The fact that the ring is on her index finger calms me. She is not engaged.

Fuck! Where am I going with this?

“So, her ignorance of your status and the fact that she is not covetous about wealth... that disintegrated your ego?” Ali doesn’t look at me when he speaks, as he knows his words will not provide any comfort. He is firing the truth. This girl has dismembered my self-esteem. “You need to be careful this time, Adam. I can only wish you luck.” Ali looks at me once again for my response. I peep at him from the corner of my eye. “Take it easy and move slowly. If she refused to go out with you, chances are that she will push you away next time as well.” I stay quiet and watch Ali. “If she is not tempted by your status, then do something different... please her.” Please her. I have never tried to please a woman.

“How do I please her? I don’t even know what she likes or dislikes.” I’m hoping he has some useful advice.

“Try to get to know her,” Ali says. “Offer her your friendship rather than your...” Ali looks around the room, as if he is searching for the word from the walls. “Your lasciviousness.” He pauses and I look at him with vexation. “I am sorry, I—” He looks nervous, like he has crossed some line.

“That’s all right, Ali. You made your point. I know what you are saying and I really appreciate it.” My words ease the tension in the air and we smile at each other. “I agree with your point about violating her privacy. I think I have enough information. You don’t need to chase her. But...” I stand up and start to pace behind my desk. “But what if she is not even interested in my friendship?” My question dismays both of us. “I will have to find some other ways to be around her... which reminds me...” I stop walking and glance at him. “You need to vacate the half of the thirteenth floor occupied by Peterson Law firm. And this should be done as soon as possible. Sometime in the next week—”

“But this is impossible! They just signed the lease in October, for a year, and you are asking me to abrogate the contract?” Ali is gasping in astonishment.

“I don’t care, Ali. Whatever it takes. Just do it.” I turn toward the window and glance down at the world outside.

“We would have to pay a penalty and return the rent they paid. But it is not about that—I know you can afford it. It’s about the Gibson reputation.” Ali’s concerns do not even pass close to my ears. I keep looking outside.

“I don’t care, Ali. I told you. Whatever it takes. If there is a penalty for breaching the contract, that’s fine. Return the rent for the whole year; I don’t give a damn. In fact, tell them that we will find a suitable place for their firm on the same street. We will bear the charges for all the arrangements and pay the rent for the other location as well. I am sure they will not refuse.” I turn around and smile wickedly. Ali’s eyes widen with a shock that clearly says: you know how to use your wealth at the right time you filthy rich bastard. “I have given my word to Ben Dynham. And I know what you are thinking, Ali. I know I am one affluent sinner.” I smirk at Ali maliciously. Poor him. He will have to work very hard to make this happen. I am not keen to know how he will do it.

“I think I should leave now,” Ali says. “I will contact the law firm and check all the conditions of the contract. How soon do you want to relocate Greenway?” Ali gathers his papers.

“I’d like them to work with us starting Monday morning. Can you do that?” I rest my butt on the corner of the desk.

“No, Adam, it is not possible. It is already Friday afternoon. Half of the people involved are probably gone already. I will arrange the meeting with Ben Dynham and the other law firm to see the possibilities. But what are the chances that Greenway agrees to move in here? I mean, the rest of the departments?” Ali shifts and leans toward me.

“They have already agreed. I put an offer to Dynham. We will outsource our graphics and media printing work to them. He has been looking forward to this opportunity for a long time and—”

“What? You offered them our business? What about the people who are working in our media department? You are taking work from them.” Ali backs off a few steps and sighs in bewilderment.

“I am not asking you to fire the whole department. I know there are two hundred people working in that group, and that means two hundred mortgages. We will find something for them. Let’s discuss it later.”

I look at Ali, who shakes his head bemusedly. He is also smirking.

“I don’t know what to say, Adam. Everything you say surprises me. Within half an hour, you have spent a fortune for someone who is not even aware what is going on behind her back. I am just wondering how you will control yourself if she actually agrees to hang out with you. This is crazy, but trust me, I am enjoying it.”

The smile on Ali’s face is demonstrating the fact that my situation looks fucking delectable to him. He is right, though. I am already spending a lot, just so I can be around her. But I know relocating an office is not as simple as it sounds. This could take weeks, maybe months. I cannot wait. There has to be some other way to see her.

Think, Adam!

“You have some more news to share?” Ali asks me sarcastically.

My mind is swirling with wild thoughts and suddenly an idea pops.

Ting!

“Arrange a party in honor of Greenway joining hands with Gibson. Tonight. Book the best place in town.”

“Tonight? But we have not signed any contract with Greenway. The other media people would be there. Without a contract, we cannot publicize the agreement. It is just verbal.” Ali is right. I am losing my mind over her. But I don’t see any other way to meet her. She will meet me officially.

“You haven’t met Dynham, have you? He is quite a greedy man. My verbal commitment was enough for him. He will not ask for a fucking contract. And the party, with all the media coming in, I don’t think he would disagree with that. From his side, the party is securing him the business with us.” My eyes make contact with his and he knows exactly what I am talking about.

“I know how Dynham is. The fact that he’s wanted business from us for years makes it much easier. I will ask Sylvain to arrange the party and send invitations immediately.” Ali turns toward the door, then stops. “You are okay with The Fairmont Royal York?”

“Perfect.” I smile and turn around to enjoy the view I am blessed with.
