Rania has invited me to a Persian restaurant on Bay Street. Ali has gone to pick her up, and they should be here any minute. The restaurant is a low- profile one, but the atmosphere is warm and welcoming. Soothing Persian music blends perfectly with the ambience. Surprisingly, all the tables in the restaurant are private, each encircled with a wooden gazebo. I’m relieved, because we need to talk, and we don’t want to be bothered by strangers. All the patrons are seated on floor cushions, relaxing in the cozy environment, and the tables are at knee height.

I like her choice. I don’t care if the food is up to the mark or not, as the place is more than I expected. The walls are deep red, and the only lights seem to be on the individual tables. I’m pleased that she agreed to meet me today. Time seemed to stop when she left the party.

I am furious at the gossip columnists. I don’t know how Rania will react to all this media exposure. She didn't sound angry over the phone, though. Or is she too kind to express her grudge against me? If I were to put myself in her shoes, I can’t imagine facing people at work, either. I will have to do something to protect her from this bizarre situation. I look at the pictures again on my phone.

She is something extraordinary.

I decide to enlarge our dance picture and place it somewhere in my apartment, so that it will greet me when I come home. I would also like to keep the picture at my bedside, so when I wake up in the morning, I will see her charming smile.

Fuck! What am I? Eighteen?

Even though I’m upset with the paparazzi, I am delighted that our precious moment was captured, when she was laughing delightedly. I can only adore her through pictures; she would never let me tell her how I feel. Her reserve is one of the things that attracted me most.

I’ve had sex with so many women, but none of them made me feel as good as I felt when I looked into her eyes, when she laughed innocently at my silly jokes, when she put her trust in me and let me see her cry. I will never do anything to damage that trust.

I am engrossed in my phone, gazing at her pictures one by one, when I suddenly hear her sweet familiar voice.

“Hi, I hope I am not late,” she says, putting her bag down on the floor. I stand up from my cushion and welcome her with a handshake.

“No, you’re on time. I arrived a couple of minutes ago.” I’m lying; I’ve been here much longer. How can I tell her that each second waiting for her felt like eternity? We both sit, on opposite sides of the table. She looks incredibly beautiful in her skirt and pink top. “You look...” So fucking hot! I pause and gaze at her intensely, looking for the right word: “magnificent.” She looks down, blushing. “Your blouse matches your skin.” She raises her eyes to mine, an unusual shyness in them.

“Thanks, but I guess I look famished. We need to order fast, or else I will die.” She changes the topic, avoiding my eyes completely. “Let’s order an appetizer first. What would you like to have?”

“Anything you like. I’m your guest and I’m here to be entertained by your hospitality.” I wink at her, relaxing back on the cozy cushions. She glances at me once and hides her face behind the menu. My humor makes her feel awkward. After a few minutes of hide and seek, she puts the menu down and calls the waiter. She orders bruschetta made on Persian flat bread with their blended yogurt, and fresh lime juice for both of us.

We sit quiet for a moment, each waiting for the other to break the ice. I had no idea how fucking difficult it could be, to talk to a girl when she’s the one to whom I want to tell everything I feel about her. She starts looking for something in her bag to keep herself busy. Finally, she takes out the newspaper and hands it to me.

“This is insane, Adam. How can they print pictures like that? There is no such thing as privacy? And who the bloody hell took this picture?” She points to the one of us on the bench.

I never knew my name could sound so good, until she said it. I smile at her annoyance and keep my arms crossed over my chest. Man, she looks so innocent when she’s angry. “Will you stop looking at me and say something, please?” She slaps the paper down and slides back with her arms crossed as well. I take my eyes off her to look at the paper.

“How you manage to look beautiful in this, I just don’t know. You—”

“Are you trying to tease me, or make fun of this situation?” She gives me one of her sharp looks.

“Neither. I’m just stating a fact. I can’t lie to you, Rania. Your eyes make me speak the truth only.” My eyes are as serious as my tone. She feels uncomfortable and shifts a bit on her cushion.

“You are not angry at the way they spoiled your reputation?” She unfolds her arms and rests one elbow on the table, her head on her hand.

“I don’t care what they wrote about me. What concerned me was how you would feel. Please tell me the truth.” She fixes her eyes on the table, her delicate fingers toying with the napkin.

Yeah, baby, there is a lot more you can do with those pretty fucking fingers.

“I don’t know how I will face people at work on Monday. This is all so embarrassing.” She puts her head down on her folded arms, hiding her face.

“Are you embarrassed about being spotted with me, and assumed to be in a relationship, or you are embarrassed because you had been turning down other men, and according to the media, finally ended up with me?” She keeps her head down, not saying anything. “Rania, please, look at me, and tell me how you feel.”

“What makes you say I push men away?” She finally manages to look at me.

“I was keeping count at the party, remember? I’m sure I can extrapolate from that. You turned me down too, so—”

“What else do you know about me?” She gives me a shrewd look, and rests her back on the cushion.

We are interrupted by the waiter, who brings our appetizer. She takes a sip of her lime juice, and says, “You keep telling me you can't lie to me. Now tell me what you know about me. I want to know how your secret agency works and how deep it goes. We will talk about this paper thing later on.”

She is damn serious.

“Is this how you treat your guests, Rania?” I grin at her, trying to ease the tension in the air. But she stays silent, waiting for my response. “Okay, you want to know? I will tell you the truth. Obviously, I know where you live...” I pause for a moment and she rolls her eyes at me.“I also know where you work and other official details. I know you don’t drive, as you don’t have a driver’s license on your record. I know you graduated from Ryerson University as a software engineer, and later on changed your field to graphics and joined Ben’s company.” I pause again.“Nothing more than that, except that your... umm... boyfriend happens to be Ben’s son.”

“Mike is not my boyfriend.” Her eyes are burning. That is the best news I’ve had all day.

“He isn’t? But I thought... I mean, you acted like you’re very close to him. You don’t treat other men that way.”

“Well, it’s not what you think. Mike and I are childhood friends. He has always been there for me and I am grateful to God that He has blessed me with one sincere friend at least.” I am trying my best to conceal my happiness and excitement, so I start talking to her about Mike. It is much easier for me to tolerate that fucking hunky cop when I know this girl has no feelings for him.

“But the way he looked at you, it didn’t look like friendship,” I point out.

“When we were at school, we promised each other that if neither of us had found a suitable partner by age twenty-five, we'd get married.” She smiles as if thinking about the past. “He is still holding his promise for me.”

Holy shit! I was right. The guy is in love with her.

“Do you feel the same for him?” I say a silent prayer in my head. Oh Lord in heaven, please show some mercy. She is quiet for a moment, playing with her straw, then continues without looking at me.

“No, I don’t feel like that about him or anyone. There will be no one.” Suddenly her declaration reflects in her eyes and I see a tragic past through the tears. For the first time I realize she has suffered a broken heart. Her past is not letting her go, so she can’t step into the future. I don’t want her to cry, so I change the subject.

“Umm... there’s one more thing I didn’t tell you. My intelligence service also mentioned that you attend a dance school.” I continue with my appetizer. We both get interrupted again by the waiter, who shows up to take the main course order.

“Please have a look at the menu; I am not sure what to order for you.”

“Anything you want. Order the same as you’re ordering for yourself. I’ve liked your choices so far.”

“You should not trust a stranger like that. What if I poison you?” She peeks one eye out from behind the menu to look at me. I lean back and relax, closing my eyes, and reveal the truth.

“I am already intoxicated with your divine beauty, Rania. How much more can you do to me?” I keep my eyes closed, so I don’t see her expression. All I hear is that she ignores my confession, and orders chicken kobideh for both of us. After the waiter excuses himself, I open my eyes, and I see her fixing her scarf, looking agitated. I have embarrassed her again.

Why am I behaving like a shit?

“You don’t like when someone compliments you?” I look at her keenly, waiting for her answer.

“I don’t trust those types of comments from men.” She busies herself with her lime juice and continues. “They all send the same message.” She pauses, then looks at me. “It’s like an I want to fuck you sign on their heads.” And she looks down, her fingers once again toying with a straw.

Her words jar me. I wasn’t expecting this kind of remark from her. I adjust myself to different position, but nothing changes the tension in the air.

“But that’s not always the case, is it?” I cock my head toward her to get her attention.

“It always has been. What else do men want, other than a sleeping partner? All men these days think the same, but certainly not from the head.” She looks at me in a skeptical way. Is she treating me like those other men? But I have never told her what I wanted from her. Is she intelligent enough to figure it out? She can see my soul through her ebony eyes.

“You think Mike is the same? When he looks at you or compliments you? I’m sure he does.” I busy myself with my drink.

“Mike is different. Yes, he does compliment me, but I have never seen lust in his eyes. It has always been pure love. Though I’m not sure I believe in love.” She looks down again and starts eating her bread with yogurt. There are so many messages in everything she’s saying today. She knows Mike loves her, but she has nothing to offer in return? Why not? What is holding her back? What happened to her?

“You read books. I assume you must have read love stories too. You still don’t believe in it?” My eyes are locked on her, and she looks at me without blinking.

“How do you know I read books? Your secret spying agency informed you of that as well?” She grins at me, and takes a sip of her juice.

“I saw you picking up your Kindle when you were collecting your stuff outside my head office.”

“I appreciate your powers of observation, Mr. Gibson, but you were not courteous enough to help me, and—”

“I was shocked,” I interrupt her. She gives me a suspect look, and waits for me to say more. “I was shocked... umm... I never thought I would be smitten.”

Shit! I am actually saying this to her.

I look deeply into her eyes, and she averts her gaze and shifts her body in confusion. She is not at all comfortable when someone says something nice to her. What makes her feel so uneasy?

Why the fuck I am acting like a prick?

I have a strong gut feeling that someone has messed with her emotions really bad. I don’t dare ask her about it so soon. I want to know everything about her, all the things only she can tell me, but I will have to become friends with her first. Making sexy remarks will only push her away from me. She is close to Mike because he doesn’t wear a fuck me look. I can never dare to ask her for any sexual commitment, unless I gain her trust. But that’s not the only thing I want from her.

I close my eyes and shake my head.

“Mr. Gibson, I don’t want to give you any false messages. You should be very clear by now that I am not the person you are looking for...” Is she a fucking mind reader? She pauses for a moment, waiting for me to look at her, and continues when I meet her eyes, open-mouthed.“I mean... I have read about you, and you should know that—”

“You are not a one-night stand for me, Rania.” I close my eyes again. “Please, don’t ever think that I see you that way.” You are the one to hold and cherish forever.

I open my eyes, finding her looking shocked. Her expression is asking so many questions, like how do you see me? Have I scared her with the truth? Is it too much information to dump on her? I have to change the subject, so I distract her.

“So, what else do you know about me? Shall I say you have been stalking me?”

“I only read what is on the Internet,” she snaps out in an instant. “You don’t believe in God? I mean, I read you deny His existence.”

“Yes, I do. He doesn’t exist for me. You can say I am an atheist.” Our eyes are locked.

“You don’t see His existence in all the things around you?” She tilts her head toward me to get more into this topic. I remain quiet and let her continue. “You don’t see changing weather, colors of the land, and shades in the water? You think no one is behind their individuality? He gave you fame, money, power, honor and instead of being thankful, you deny His existence?” She obviously wants to talk about this, talk about God.

“Thankful for what I’ve done myself? I have all this because I worked hard for it.”

“But, what about the blessings you got without even working hard? Don’t you think you are obliged to be thankful for those?”

“Like what?” She has succeeded in getting me interested.

“Like the senses He gave you, your vision, so that you can see His beautiful creations, your ears, so that you can listen to all the good things in life, your speech, through which you succeeded in taking over this city, your sense of touch, through which you can feel. He gave you all this and much more, without you asking Him. There are many people in this world who are deprived even of these blessings. Don’t you think these bounties are enough for you to be thankful?”

We look at each other keenly. I don’t know how to react. I drop my gaze. She is trying to make me believe that God has always existed. She understands that I have nothing to say, so she continues with suppositions.

“Don’t you recognize Him from the failure of your intentions?”

I look at her blankly. She has made me speechless... again. She is so right; my intentions did fail in the face of His decisions. Regardless of the fact that I desire to kiss her, fuck her, claim her entirely, her constrained attitude guarded her from my ferocious plan, and that makes me realize that I did fail here. In a single question, she guides me to all the enlightened paths that I have never come across. I keep looking at her blankly, so she diverts her attention to the waiter, asking how long it will take for our order.

“You seem to carry a strong faith within you.” I chuckle at her.

“I wouldn’t have survived, if I didn’t have faith.” She looks down again, playing with her ring.

“So, you are thankful to Him for everything?”

“Yes, I try to be, at least!”

“And how do you thank Him?” I lean forward to hear her properly.

“There is a protocol defined in every religion. All religions have the same belief, yet, the medium of communication with Him is different. I follow what has been taught in my religion. I pray. But it doesn't mean that He doesn't listen, if you approach Him in any other way. He does!”

“And what about the things you are not blessed with? Is there any protocol to complain as well?” The conversation between us heats up, and I feel like I’m sitting in a classroom, firing questions at my teacher.

“If you ask me, I have no complaints. Everyone is responsible for his own deeds. We do wrong things without believing in Him, and then we complain. Though, it should have been the other way around, we should believe in Him first, so there would no mishaps in life. People who are most ungrateful, are the ones abandoned. When you are thankful, you are contented.”

“And what about the people who have everything and are still not grateful? Yet, they are showered with bounty. Why do they get all these things in life?”

“You are one of them, Mr. Gibson. What are you complaining for? Your ungratefulness for your bounties?” She has a smart mouth, and intelligence. No one has ever shown me a mirror that can reflect me inside. She has a wide vision when it comes to her faith. Through her, I am able to see the light, which has been cloaked due to my ignorance. I am able to believe in His existence.

What is going on?

“I respect your faith, Rania. It is very strong. Always hold onto it. You are very lucky that you have been guided.”

“Yes, I know. Do you know God says that when you take one step toward Him, He will take ten steps toward you? I was lucky that I took that step. And He guided me all the way.”

“Then, how can I become sure that He will show me the light someday?”

“You have already seen the light, Mr. Gibson. You are a good soul. Do you know how much goodness and grace you are getting from your generous donations?”

“You still didn’t tell me why you reject men.” I change the subject completely. I really don’t feel comfortable when people praise me for my donations. She doesn’t say anything. She keeps looking around, totally ignoring my question. “I have an offer for you,” I say. “I see that you don’t like men asking you for dates. What if we affirm what’s written in the papers and, going forward, we act publicly like we are in a relationship. Then you can avoid all the shit men give you every day.” She looks at me blankly. She is definitely not buying this. “Consider our relationship, as defined by the media, as an excuse to avoid all the sleaze balls oozing at you. No one will bother you if your name is linked with me. Think about it!”

We are distracted by the arrival of our main course. It looks very delicious and healthy. All her choices are perfect so far, like her. We start our meal quietly. I give her time to think about my proposal. What the fuck am I thinking? Why would she agree to be my girlfriend? And this is not an appropriate way to ask a girl if she is interested. Damn me! I curse myself in my head. I have messed up everything. I have to say something to take it back, but I don’t know what to say.

“Rania, I won’t lie to you. I am bloody attracted to you, but I will never push you against your will. I know you don’t see me the same way. In fact, I don’t see anything in your eyes, except the pain.” She has taken her first bite from her meal, but as soon as I mention the word pain, she coughs as if she’s choking. I offer her water but she’s coughing too hard. I crawl toward her and rub her back.

Sitting next to her is the ultimate feeling. Without any sexual encounter, this girl can give me so much pleasure; what will I do if she agrees to my offer? I would definitely be on cloud nine. I continue rubbing her back until she is able to speak.

“I am sorry. I guess something got stuck in my throat.” She takes a drink of water. She is breathing hard, and I see her breasts moving with her heartbeat.

Oh hell!

I crawl back to my seat so that she won’t notice my masculinity getting harder.

“Can I ask you something?” she says hesitantly. She gets my attention as soon she speaks, but I continue my meal.

“Anything, Rania. We are here to talk openly.”

“If you know I have nothing to offer you, that I cannot fulfill your expectations, then why are you offering me this? You are not getting anything in return.” I notice she’s not eating. She’s only playing with her rice.

Did I destroy her appetite as well?

I’m not doing anything to put her at ease, I realize. I am only making things difficult for her. I put my fork down and lean back again, arms folded over my chest. I watch her carefully, wondering what to say in return. She doesn’t look at me at all, still playing with her food.

“You’re not eating anything, Rania. Please, eat first and then we’ll talk.” I take my fork in my hand to continue with my food. She still doesn’t take a bite. “Eat, Rania! Please, finish your meal.” My tone is a bit harsh with concern.

“I want my answer first, Adam. Why would you offer, if you are not getting anything in return? What do you want from me?” she asks furiously, and I see her eyes getting wet with tears.

“I want only you. Nothing else.” I almost whisper.

She tries hard to avoid the pain coming out of her eyes. Oh no! What did I do
now?

“Want me for what, Adam? I know bloody well what your eyes tell me, which you don’t say from your mouth. Please accept that I cannot give you anything. No pleasure. Nothing. So stop chasing a shadow.” She puts her fork down with a clatter and wipes her eyes with a napkin. “I am a piece of dead meat, Adam. You get me? There is nothing in me. Stop wasting your time... and mine as well.” Her voice quivers and she hides her face in her napkin. I crawl once again to her side, hoping that I can bring her some comfort.

“No, Rania. Please, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you cry, but if you want to, it’s okay.” I put my arm around her. She doesn’t push me away. Surprisingly, she snuggles herself into my embrace, but she holds back her tears. There is no lust between us. Just two people opening their truths. I cannot describe the feelings that are gushing through me right now. Even though she has Mike as her best friend, I feel she lacks a shoulder to cry on, someone to share all her sorrows.

For the first time in my life, I feel a divine power giving me a message. A command to hold and protect her. A message that He wants someone to mend the broken pieces of her heart. She is a lonely tormented soul, and I can see the pain in her silence. I have never gotten this message from any woman, even if they cried out my name when I fucked them hard. Yet this girl, not saying anything, says so many things to me that my heart is not able to decipher them.

I never believed in God, but I can relate this feeling to that divine power.
Does He truly exist?

I sit quietly holding her. She is crying now—not like she did at the party, but her silent tears say so much.

“I am sorry... I don’t know what happens to me when you...” She wipes her tears from her face. My face is just an inch away from hers. I want to kiss away her tears and make her feel better, but I don’t dare to. Instead, I wipe her face with my hand and continue where she left off.

“When I put my arms around you?” I look into her eyes, trying to read everything she wants to say. She looks down, but doesn’t say anything. “I will only say I am thankful that you trust me enough, so that you can let your inner sorrows come out. I don’t know what it is between us. When I said I’m attracted to you, I was not lying. But it’s not lust. When I see you, I see something celestial and pure standing in front me. I never believed God existed, until now, when I felt that He might be directing us to put our trust together. When I look into your eyes, I cannot lie, and I say everything that comes into my mind, whether you like it or not. Maybe this is the path He wants us to take. Trusting each other.”

She moves away from me and looks down, but I’m sure she’s listening. “You asked me why I’m offering for you to be my girlfriend, and trust me, I didn’t know how to answer. And I still don’t know. I wanted to take you out of the awkward situation that you are afraid of at work. People might talk about us, but at least, men will leave you alone. You captured my attention when I saw you crossing the street, heading to my building. I have been chasing you ever since. But there is no reason, or if there is, I don’t know it. I only wanted to make your life easy. I want to clean up the mess I created.”

I take a deep breath. “You asked me what I would get in return. I am a businessman, and I don’t do anything unless it profits me. I will gain your trust. I will gain your affection. I will always be there to wipe your tears, but I also want to be a part of that laughter you share with your friends. This is all new to me too, Rania. I have no idea how to communicate with a girl, when I want everything other than sleeping with her. My way of asking might be offensive to you, but trust me, I didn’t intend it. I didn’t intend to make you feel like I’m a stalker. And I don’t know myself what happens to me when you’re with me. I can’t explain it.”

My eyes are locked on her, but she keeps looking down, playing with her ring.

“Why do you want to protect me? Why are you being so generous?” She looks into my eyes with seriousness, as if she is looking through my soul.

“I don’t know.” I close my eyes and shake my head. “I’m feeling charged to do all this. I can’t say anything more.” I open my eyes and find her eyes fixed on me with amazement.

“Charged by whom?”

“Maybe... God?”

“But you said you never believed in His existence.”

I shrug. “You leave me no choice, other than acknowledging this fact.”

“That’s a very lame reason for believing in Him, Mr. Gibson.”

We both remain in silence for a few minutes, trying to understand what just happened with us. Within a day, I feel like we have walked so far together. We have not shared any secrets, but I still feel a strong connection. To avoid the awkward situation, I hand her a fork. “Please finish your food. We will talk later.” And on that, I crawl back to my seat.

We both finish our meals in silence. The food is not warm anymore, but it still tastes scrumptious. Does she understand my taste buds, or do we share the same tastes? We finish our food almost at the same time.

“The food is really good. I like your choice.” I give her a friendly smile to release the pressure in the atmosphere.

“Thanks. It is one of my favorites too. Would you like to have some dessert?” She is trying to prove her hospitality. I nod at her with a smile. The waiter comes back, asking us about dessert, and she orders a hot fudge sundae for both of us to share. We share a few moments of silence until our dessert arrives.

We both look at the dessert and crack up at the size. It’s huge; we will never finish it.

”Oh my! I love it.” She takes a big spoonful of ice cream from the bowl, with all the nuts and chocolate, and starts to lick the spoon slowly. Oh fuck! Is she tempting me on purpose? No, she seems completely ignorant of my feelings.

“For the love of God, stop licking your spoon like that. It’s making me wild.” She is stunned for a moment, spoon in her mouth. Then, slowly, she takes the spoon out of her mouth, caressing it with her tongue, and giggles sinfully.

“What’s with you and licking, huh?” She takes more ice cream and repeats the process, teasingly. This time, she also licks her upper lip.

Fuck! Stop it, girl, or else I will suck your chocolate-coated lip, right here.

“Don’t provoke me, Rania. There is an animal inside every man, so you—”

“Who knows that better than me, Mr. Gibson? Some men I can’t even refer to as humans. They are only animals.” With that grave statement, she puts her spoon down and closes her eyes, hiding her fear. I want to ask her what animal has eaten her up. But I have to gain her trust first. I put my hand on hers, to provide her some comfort. She doesn’t recoil, but her eyes are still closed.

“I’m sorry. I was just teasing you.” She looks at me with distress.

“No, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything to you. Please forgive me.” 

“That’s okay.” She grins slightly.

“Like it or not, it was very erotic, you playing with the spoon,” I confess again, and start digging into my side of the ice cream. She giggles with pleasure, taking it as a joke. To lift her mood, I argue with her like a child. “Hey, you ate all the nuts from the top. That’s not fair.” She checks the ice cream innocently, to see if I’m telling the truth. I wave to the waiter to bring extra nuts for us.

“They must be thinking we will stay here forever.” She giggles at me again. And our nuts come within an instant. I start sprinkling them all over the ice cream, which is about to melt like my heart.

“Hey, you are putting more nuts in your territory. That’s not fair, either.” She starts pulling nuts from the spoon to her side.

“Okay, let me put the rest on your side.” We both chuckle like four-year-old kids who accidentally have to share one ice cream. She is busy savoring the dessert. It has done wonders. She likes ice cream; it changes her mood. I want to say something, but somehow, the power of her innocence has silenced me. Perhaps I should take her for dessert more often, if she agrees to go.

“Can I ask you something, if you don’t mind?” She nods, enjoying her fudge. “You told me you pray when you are grateful. What do you do when you know you did something wrong and you seek forgiveness?” I look at her seriously. She looks at me with bright eyes.

“It depends whom you are seeking forgiveness from. If you have hurt a person, you need to ask pardon from him first, and only then will God forgive you. If you have hurt His creatures, you have hurt Him, as well. But if you have done something wrong which you think only He knows about, then you ask Him.”
“And how do you ask Him? I mean what do you do?”

“I pray.” She shrugs her shoulder.

“So, when you are thankful, you pray and when you are sorry, you pray? What do you do when you want something from Him?”

“Same! Prayer is the gateway for everything. You want to thank Him. You want to repent for your sins. You want to communicate. He understands what you intend. He lives in your heart. You don’t need to mention to Him that you are doing this for a certain reason. He knows it, before you know.”

“I like your way of believing in Him, Rania. I have never heard anything like that from anyone. Not even from my mother.” The thought of my mother hurts me, always. There is a void in my heart that no one can ever fill.
“Where is your mother now?” She puts her spoon down and looks at me. “Only if you want to tell me.”

“There is nothing much to say. She left my dad when I was six. Before that, I had only seen my parents fighting. The only good thing in my childhood was my baby sister, Eva.” I smile at the thought of her. “Eva was two months old when they left. I missed her more than my mom. You say God exists, but where was He when I was calling Him to help me? Why didn’t He hear a child’s cry?”

“I can’t tell you, Mr. Gibson, why He didn’t answer your prayer that time, but please remember that prayers are never abandoned. Sooner or later, they are always answered, and in so much better ways than you could have imagined.” Her words are comforting, but they do not hit my heart. We have different beliefs based on our pasts. She continues with her dessert and I follow her. “So, does your secret spying company hire people?” She winks at me mischievously. I know she wants to change the subject. “I have read many mystery books. I want to know how this all works, not to mention that I am still annoyed about being stalked.”

“Please don’t say that. I’m not a stalker. I just wanted to find out about you, before I could talk to you.”

“You could have asked me. God has given me the ability to speak.”

“But you were ignoring me. I thought you would never talk. And trust me, I still don’t believe my luck that I’m sitting across from you, sharing a dessert.” I look deeply into her eyes and she gets my message.

“And you won’t tell me why you wanted to talk to me?” She starts moving her spoon in the bowl.

“Someday, I will. But not today.” I sigh and wait for her to look at me. She doesn’t ask me any more. I want to tell her everything, my one night experience with an enchantress, but I fear she would never believe me.

“So, what kind of books do you read apart from mysteries?” I change the subject.

“All kinds of fiction.”

“Why fiction only?”

“Because it takes you to the world of imagination, where reality doesn’t exist. It’s like a journey to some other world, far from cruel reality. Do you read too?”

“No, Rania. I don’t. I don’t have the time or, in fact, the patience to read fiction. I live in the real world.”

“Then your reality is more colorful than your imagination.” She looks at me dreamily—and enviously. She is silent for a moment, then continues. “Anyhow, I read you have dated quite a few women. I am sure it must be colorful. You don’t need to imagine, when you can have it in the real world.”

I laugh at her remarks, and show her the newspaper that she has kept at the corner of the table.

“You see this, Rania? It says I have been spotted only with you. They say you are my girlfriend.” My tone is serious and I don’t take my eyes off of her. “The women you are talking about, they were only bed partners. I never had anyone to date, to talk to and share our views.” She looks at me, open- mouthed. “I didn’t use them or take advantage of them. I didn’t force anyone. They all needed money and I was looking for pleasure. That’s it.”

She is still in shock. “So you keep... I mean... umm... do you have something like... umm... submissives?” she asks hesitantly.

“No, Rania. I don’t keep submissives. And I don’t see any point in keeping one woman for a long time, when you are spending money for them. You don’t wear a single dress every day, when you can afford a variety.” My comments shock her. It’s too much information. She’s going to run away screaming.

I’m afraid she’ll think I look at her the same way. I have to do or say something to make this better.

I take a small box out of the inner pocket of my jacket and place it on the table.

“I have something for you, Rania.” She leans toward the box, dark blue with Tiffany & Co embossed on it, but doesn’t touch it. Her expression says loudly that she is not expecting this.

“I can’t take it, but thank you.” She leans back again, pushing the box to my side of the table.

“Please don’t refuse it. At least open it and see if you like it or not.” I push the box back toward her.

“I am sorry, Adam. I can't take it. I am not used to these kinds of gestures. So please—”

“Then get used to it. You are my girlfriend.”

“I am not your girlfriend. I haven’t agreed to your proposition.” She pushes the box back to me and leans back. She looks angry, and she won’t meet my eyes.

Damn!

“Don’t act like a child. You knew this would go in your favor, so please accept this gift. I have not been rejected ever—”

“Then get used to it.” She throws my words back to me, but in a more irascible way.

We both sit in silence for a long time. I am offended by her rejecting my gift. She is resentful of my dominance. She is one difficult woman. What woman won’t accept a Tiffany’s gift? She hasn’t even bothered to open it and see what it is. Even though I feel rejected, she makes one more inroad into my heart. She is not like other women, running after money. This is all my fault. I am pushing too hard for her to accept it. I should have gained her trust first, before giving her gifts. It is our first date, and she hasn’t agreed to accept me as her boyfriend. That’s a first for me too.

A girl rejecting me!

Our dessert is finished and the waiter brings the bill, placing it on the table. I realize that we have been in the restaurant for almost three hours. How has the time passed so quickly? She lays her hand on the bill to grab it, but I stop her by holding her wrist.

“Now, at least don’t argue on this one.” I keep holding her hand possessively, but she struggles hard to get it out of my grasp.

“Adam, please. We decided that this dinner is on me, so stop acting like a male chauvinist.” She is a wildcat this time. I grip her hand tighter and keep looking at it.

Yeah, baby, I am gonna tie your pretty hands someday, if you give me a hard time.

“If you pay for this, then you accept my offer and my gift.” I have no intention of letting her go, unless I make her agree to my terms. I’m just afraid she will return the bill and walk out. This is the biggest gamble of my life.

“What kind of bargaining is that?” She looks around the restaurant and back to me, with wide eyes. “Let go of my hand, Adam. You are creating a scene. People are looking at us.” She is hissing through her teeth. I keep looking at her, steamily.

“I know there is no one here except us. The restaurant is almost closed. If you are worried about the damn waiter, I don’t give a shit. Be a good girl and give me the bill. This is beyond my tolerance.” I don’t even bother to look around the restaurant, to see if people are there. She is firing right at my ego. “You will let me pay for this dinner and you will accept my offer, along with the damn gift.” She looks at me, stunned and intimidated. She takes it as a threat, so she lets the bill go. I release her hand and she leans back, creating distance between us. Shit! I lost her. She let me win this battle, but I achieved nothing. I take my credit card out and wave the waiter over to collect the bill. We both sit silent during the payment. As soon as the waiter leaves, thanking me, she gathers her bag and stands up.

“Where are you going?” I grip her arm tightly.

“The restaurant is almost closed. You plan to stay here forever?” I wish I could. I have to be more cautious when speaking. She’s constantly firing my words back at me. She is still raging. I have to calm her down, but there’s nothing coming to mind. I stand up with her, but don’t let her go. “You are forgetting something,” she reminds me, looking at the box we left on the table.

“That’s for you. I won’t pick it up. You are dumping it, so why do you care?” She takes her arm out of my grip and picks up the box. Then she grabs my hand and places the box on my palm.

“If you have money to waste, then give it to someone who needs it and appreciates it. I am neither needy nor greedy.” She turns away from me and I stop her again.

“But you never bothered to open it. At least show some courtesy—”

“Adam, I am not from medieval times. I know what Tiffany sells.”

“Rania, please! Stop being so hard on me.” My tone is more like a request than a command. She closes her eyes and calms down her anger.

“You don’t need to do all this. You are making me feel cheap.” She shrugs in frustration, but she keeps her eyes closed. I move closer to her and take her face in my hands. She still manages to keep her eyes closed, but doesn’t push me away.

“Hey, please, don’t say that. I would never want to make you feel cheap.” I whisper, but she can still hear me. “Every other girl likes to get gifts. I thought it would make you happy.”

“I am not like every girl. I told you that. I don’t deserve these precious things.” She opens her eyes as she speaks. All I see is agony. “I don’t know why you are wasting your time.”

“You don’t even know what you deserve. This gift is not even worthy of you. It is just my way of apologizing for the trouble I caused. If you don’t want it, that’s okay, but please don’t think like that.” I put the box back inside my jacket. What kind of woman is she? Rejecting a twenty-five-thousand-dollar necklace? I promise myself that this personalized piece of art will only adorn her beautiful neckline.

“It is late,” she says. “I want to go home now.” She turns around and heads to the closet beside the door. I follow her blindly and help her with her jacket. We go outside, where cold hard wind awaits us. She takes out her phone and makes a call.

“Yeah, hi. Can you please send a cab to...”

What? I’m standing next to her and she’s calling a fucking cab at this hour?
I take the phone from her and end the call.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” I ask her angrily.

“Calling a cab?” she responds innocently, as if she is totally unaware of what she just did.

“Can’t you find a better way to insult someone?” I grit my teeth to control my anger. She shrugs in bewilderment.

“What’s with you and public transportation?” she inquires curiously. But when I open the passenger door, she slips inside.

We stay quiet all the way to her apartment. I turn on the radio, to break the silence. The radio starts playing a happy Christmas song, and I see her smiling. She enjoys the song innocently, closing her eyes, tapping her hands on her knees. I feel like she’s somewhere else, lost in the music. I want to ask her what she’s thinking about, but I don’t want to break the moment. When the song ends, she opens her eyes and looks at me. I have never seen that look in her eyes, but I can’t decipher the message. I concentrate on the road until I stop the car in front of her building. I step out and open the door for her. She gets out and wraps her arms around herself, to avoid the cold wind. It’s never been as hard to say something as in this moment, but I gather all my courage. Our date has finally ended and I don’t know how to say good-bye to her.

“Thank you for the wonderful evening. I can never forget it.” I smile at her. “Thank you? You paid. I should say thank you.”

Oh! She is still annoyed.

“Thank you for selecting the restaurant. I really enjoyed the food and your company. But if it bothers you, you can pay next time. I won’t argue. I promise.” I grin at her. She is still expressionless.

“There will be no next time, Mr. Gibson. Good night!” She turns around and disappears inside without listening to my farewell words, taking all my hopes with her.

I know I have to try really really hard.
