Two weeks have passed—I didn’t realize time actually flies. Rania fulfilled her promise and gave me the most treasured two weeks of my existence. For the first time in my life, I understood the true meaning of companionship. We visited all the tourist attractions, including fulfilling my desire of walking down the streets of Niagara Falls. From museums to art galleries, from Playdiums to theaters, from crazy malls to long walks under holiday décor, we did everything one could imagine. She has no idea what she has given me. A gift of memories I will keep in my heart forever.

We took an unlimited amount of pictures to create a memory book for me. She also forced me to keep my word about not spending money on her. We each bought our own tickets, just like a teenage couple with very little money. I like the feeling that she’s with me just for me, and that money is the last thing on her mind. She already has my heart, what else could she take from me?

Mike was apparently able to get rid of the stalking photographer, or maybe Ethan was worried that we’d trace the pictures back to him. There were no more pictures of us in the magazines and newspapers. Also, I paid a good amount to the local papers not to print anything about her, even if they had found out. We visited a new place every day, and usually came home around six in the evening. Rania cooked for me daily. Sometimes, she also invited Mike to eat with us.

I was hardly ever going to my place. Rania never agreed to my request to move in with her, but she never asked me to leave, either. Every night after dinner, she read me Arabian Nights, which made me time travel with her into past centuries, until she finished the book the day before our vacation time was up. In those two weeks, I got a chance to visit her dance classes. When she danced, it was not her body that moved with joy, it was her heart that rejoiced.

Those were the best days of my life. She also taught me how to do justice to an ice cream cone. I had to book the entire ice cream parlor for her, as I couldn’t let anyone see her licking the sweet flavor so seductively. She enjoyed teaching me as much as I enjoyed learning, though she didn’t know I learned it when she taught me the first time. I was only pretending to be the fool, so that she could teach me again, and I could enjoy watching her lick it.

Our friendship flourished with each passing day, but in all those days of companionship, I couldn’t find her heart. She was with me all the time physically, but whenever I tried to open myself up to her, she shied away. I was starting to develop a fairy tale fantasy that she was captured in some spell, and once I'd kissed her, the spell would be broken. I knew her body was feeling my touch, but whenever I tried to come close to her with the intention of kissing her, she would freeze, as if her soul had been pulled out of her body, making her a piece of dead meat.

Was she telling the truth, when she told me on our first meeting that she had nothing to offer me? Why did I always feel that she wanted to take that path with me, but something was blocking her? She’s different from all the other women I’ve known. She doesn’t plan for the future. She only lives in the present, or perhaps, her past is not letting her step into the future.
For the whole two weeks, I tried every possible way to dig her past out of her, but I failed. She has enclosed her heart in a hard shell and thrown it away in some deep dark well.

There were also more strange incidents in the middle of the night. Several times I woke up to find her in the dark closet or washroom. From the other side of the door, it sounded like she was speaking to someone in a strange language, but when I came in, she was staring blankly as she had in the hotel room. Every time that happened, I asked her about it in the morning, but all she would say was that I was either dreaming or hallucinating.

I tried leaving evidence to let her know I wasn’t dreaming. One night, when I saw her standing in the closet alone, talking to someone, I took out one of her scarves and placed it on the bed, so that the next morning when she woke up, I could tell her that I took that scarf out because I found her in the closet. But strangely, that evidence also disappeared in the middle of the night. I started to worry that she might suffer from a sleep disorder. That could be the reason the doctor had provided the pills. But most people who sleepwalk don’t talk as well. I wanted to take her to the doctor, but if she wouldn’t believe there was a problem, then he wouldn’t be able to treat it.

But the thing I most wanted to know about was the scars that marred her skin and wounded her soul. She had made me promise never to bring them up, as she didn't want to walk down that horrible path.

I also had lots of arguments with Rania about her attending the summit in New York. I needed to attend a conference in Toronto on the same dates, and I was worried about her going without me, so I kept asking her if she could drop the plan. She insisted that she needed these kinds of summits to boost her career. Imagining her in a different city, alone with Ethan Murray, was scaring me to death. She kept telling me that I should trust her and there was no man in this world who could seduce her, but I also know how shrewd Ethan is, and Rania is very innocent in these matters.

During our vacation, my mother called us and invited us to a Christmas Eve party that she’s organized in a grand party hall of the Ritz Carlton Hotel. Mom has been looking forward to this party, and she expects all her kids to be there. She invited Rania before she even invited me, making me feel that Rania is very important to her. Eva called the next day to take her out shopping, to get a dress for the party. I tried to convince Rania that I would buy her party clothes, but she wouldn’t let me buy anything for her. Those crazy girls dragged me into every store, but they didn’t find anything they liked. I never knew shopping with females could be so tedious. When they liked something, it would be too expensive, and when they found something with a good price, they didn’t like the fit. Are all females the same, or are the ones I have just terrible at shopping?

Finally, I managed to get them to Holt Renfrew, and convinced them that they could buy anything their hearts desired without looking at the price tag, as a Christmas present from me. Eva went crazy with her brother’s generosity, and picked up some useful stuff. Rania was still reluctant to buy anything with my money. She’d pick up a dress, check the price tag and put it down without even trying it on. I know how gorgeous she looks in those designer dresses; she blew me away the night of the opera. I asked Eva to convince Rania to buy something, but she didn’t listen to either of us. Finally, she shut me out, saying that she would wear the same dress I got her for the opera. Since she had only worn it once, and no one had seen it other than me, she considered it to be a new dress. She also said that, as expensive as it was, she couldn’t justify wearing it only once. I had no other option than to let her win, like always. I tried to convince her many times that whatever was mine was hers, but I guess money was the last thing she would ever consider.

I really love the feeling that I have one sincere friend who sees beyond my riches, but sometimes she is so needlessly difficult that it’s impossible to deal with her. Every girl wants her man to spend money on her, but she never let me spend a single penny. I decided that after the Christmas party I’d give her the necklace I wanted to give her on our first date, and tell her my feelings.

I don’t know where my life is taking me, but imagining it without Rania is inconceivable. My eyes search for her when she’s not around. My body craves her when she’s not there.Since the day I met her, not a moment has passed that I haven’t thought about her. Every time I see her, I want to kiss her passionately to let her know how I feel. I know she has feelings for me too, but they are always defeated by her awful past. She said she trusted me, but she doesn’t trust me enough to share her haunted memories. I know Mike is aware of her past, but I would never dare to ask him, as it would hurt her. The darkness that she holds in her eyes draws me to her, maddening and amusing me at the same time.

Today is the evening of the 23rd of December, the day before the party, and I’m stuck in a press conference in Halifax. I wanted Rania to come with me, but she prefers not to get involved in my business obligations. This conference will go on for a few more hours, but I should be back in Toronto by morning so that we can go to the party together. This night seems endless without her—I don’t know if I will be able to sleep. I wonder if she will be able to sleep without me, or if her nightmares will scare her. Right now, I’m with people from all over North America, discussing green homes and their advantages on saving energy. I try hard to concentrate, but my heart is stuck back in that one-bedroom apartment. They ask me a couple of questions, but once Ali notices I’m not paying attention, he answers on my behalf. My mind is completely fucked up.

If I don’t tell Rania how I feel about her, my life will never move forward. But I’ve also been eager to tell her that she looks like the same woman who cast a spell on me with her dancing, back in February. I decide to tell her about it after declaring my feelings. I’ll tell her that I feel she is the same woman who captured my heart at first glance. I will tell her that the darkness in her eyes reminds me of the woman, dancing under enormous lights. I don’t know if she will actually believe my story, as that place never existed, but this way, at least, she will get the message that she is the one who has captured my heart. I promise myself that I’ll tell her everything that I have been holding in for so long.

Adam Gibson! You are in love.

Ali’s cell rings, and he excuses himself and leaves the press conference, which forces me to pay attention to the questions coming from the media. Ali reappears after a few minutes, but instead of sitting, he whispers in my ear.

“Come out, Adam, there is an emergency.” I excuse myself and step out of the conference hall, looking at him quizzically. “There is a fire on the sixteenth floor of Archeries condominiums, building number two.”

I feel like someone has bombarded me with a drone. I say, “That’s Rania’s floor. It’s not her apartment, is it?”

“The one next door,” Ali says. “The fire department is already there, but...” 
“But what?” My heart skips, making it difficult to breathe.

“We have news of two casualties.” He pauses and gulps for a second. “Both are dead at the scene. I’m trying to call Rania, but her phone is off.”

She’s dead?

I fall on my knees, as if someone has pulled the rug from under my feet. Ali supports me and helps me sit on a nearby couch.

“I’m pretty sure, Adam, there’s nothing to worry about. Let’s just pray she is safe. I have asked Frank to update me every few minutes. I have sent him Rania’s picture, in case he’s able to locate her. They have evacuated the entire building; there’s no one left inside. I am here to get the news, so you can go inside and carry on—”

“I want to go back, Ali,” I interrupt.

“The conference is almost over.”

“I said I want to go back now!” I yell. He makes a few calls to hire a private aircraft so I can leave immediately. He goes back into the conference hall, probably making excuses for my absence. I close my eyes and cover my face with my hands, resting my elbows on my knees.

Oh God. Please don’t take Rania away from me. Because of her, I started to believe in Your existence, and You can’t do this to me now. Please, make sure she is safe. I take a deep breath. Oh Rania, call me, please. Tell me you’re okay. I’m dying a thousand deaths every second here. I will take you back from God, if you ever plan to leave me. But you know best how to talk to Him. Tell Him I need you. Tell Him I haven’t loved anyone so deeply in my life. Tell Him if He plans to take you away from me, then take my life as well. We’ll meet in Heaven. I feel Ali’s hand on my shoulder for comfort. I have never cried in public like this, but my existence is crumbling around me.

People notice me falling apart, but I don’t care. All my memories of her roll through my mind like a movie. I still feel her innocent face in my hands. I still smell her fragrance on me. I still hear her laughter at my jokes. I still feel her holding me tight during her nightmare. I still feel her fingers passing through my hair, to calm me down.

No, Rania. You just can’t leave me.

Ali hugs me like a brother and lets me cry. “She can’t go away like this, 
Ali. She can’t leave me.”

“Don’t worry, Adam. I have a strong feeling that she’s all right.”

“Then why isn’t she picking up the phone? Call her friend Mike. Ask him to find out.”

“I did. He and Ben are not in the city. But I informed them because Ben owns the apartment.” Ali has tried everything.

He takes me to board the aircraft. During the whole two-hour flight, I keep trying to call her, hoping she will pick up, even though I know her phone may have been burned in the fire. There is still no news from Frank. The two bodies that have been recovered were unrecognizable without DNA testing. The journey seems endless. My money, my power, my riches, they all failed to keep her safe.

By the time I reach Toronto, it is past midnight. I rush immediately to Rania’s building, where the fire has consumed my life. It’s crowded with media people, fire trucks and police cars, but in all those people, I can’t see my Rania anywhere. I keep yelling her name, but there’s such a stampede that no one hears me. Freezing rain is falling, but the fire has such a hold that the rain isn’t affecting it. Everyone is soaked, running around like crazy searching for their loved ones. My life seems to come to an end, like the Day of Resurrection has already arrived, and there’s no escape.

I get surrounded by reporters and photographers.

“Mr. Gibson, when did you get this news?”

“Mr. Gibson, we heard your girlfriend is in the building?”

“Mr. Gibson, have you been able to find your girlfriend?”

“Mr. Gibson, have you identified the burned victims?”

“Hey, please, back off.” Ali pushes everyone away from me. “Mr. Gibson is not in a state to be talking to anyone right now. Please let us find her and pray that she is all right.” After thirty minutes of searching the crowd, Ali asks me if I will go to the hospital to identify the burned bodies, to see if one of them is Rania. No, I can never do that. I have a firm belief that God has saved her for me. I’ll never admit that she is no more. But Ali convinces me that they have looked for her everywhere.

When I reach my car, I see someone standing under a barren tree. My heart skips. It’s Rania wrapped in her bed sheet—which I slept on last night— water dripping down her body. She’s trembling with cold, in the freezing rain with no coat. I rush to her and pull her into my arms, kissing every inch of her face, not caring how she will react.

“Rania...” I hug her tightly. “Thank God, you’re okay. You have no idea what I’ve been through. I almost died.” I keep kissing her, savoring her physical presence. “I was so frightened. I can’t imagine my life without you.” She stands mute and unresponsive, wrapped in her cold sheet. “I promise I will never leave you alone again. Oh, Rania, you have no idea how much I love you.” I realize that in my happiness and excitement, I forgot to ask how she is. How can I be so selfish? I hold her face in my hands and ask if she’s okay, and she starts crying, shaking helplessly.

“I lost everything, Adam. I have nothing left. My home, my possessions, my memories, everything is burned into ashes.” She trembles with pain.

“No, baby, you will get everything back. I promise to give you everything back. I can’t thank God enough that He saved you.”

“I am homeless, Adam. I have no shelter now.” She sounds agonized. I hear Ali calling for medical help. “My picture of my parents has been burned too. That was the only memento I had of them together.” She collapses on my chest and lets out all her fears.

I hadn’t thought about it like that. All I cared about was that she was alive. I hadn’t considered what she had lost. The paramedics come immediately and the medical assistant says Rania is severely chilled and is in danger of developing a high fever, if she is not taken care of properly. They take her into the warm ambulance, and she’s trembling so much that she’s not even able to respond to them.

“We need to get her wet clothes and this sheet off,” the medical officer advises me. As soon as he touches Rania to take away her sheet, she pulls away, and looks to me with blank eyes. She is not so out of it that she doesn’t know that someone is revealing her body. I know she’ll never let a man take off her clothes in front of so many people, but she isn’t realizing that the wet cold clothes could worsen her condition. I see her holding her handbag tightly under her arm. I have no clue how she managed to save her bag.

“Mr. Gibson, we need to take her wet clothes off. Please ask her to cooperate with us.”

“Can’t you see she’s traumatized? She won’t take her clothes off with all these people around.”

The medical assistant sighs and says, “Okay, we’ll leave and close the door. Just get those clothes off her.” He gives me a couple of blankets, and they leave us alone in the ambulance.

“Rania, you need to listen to the doctor and get out of those soaking clothes. I’ll turn my back and you can undress and wrap yourself in the blanket. Here.” I take off my jacket and give it to her. She is shivering too hard to hold anything. “You can wear this under the blanket, if you feel uncomfortable.” She’s shaking so much that her body won’t do what she wants. She can’t even lift her hand to take off her sheet. “I want to help you,” I say. “I will only look into your eyes and nowhere else, but please, let me do it.” She still looks at me with blank eyes. I start helping her, lifting her arms and taking off her sheet.

She’s wearing her nightclothes. I know how modest she is, but she’s so worn out that she doesn’t even have enough energy to speak. I lock my eyes with hers so she doesn’t get the slightest idea that I’m looking at her body. I pull off her T-shirt, then draw her closer and snake my arms behind her to unhook her bra. I keep my gaze locked on hers. I pull down her pajama trousers, and she steps out of the wet clothing, holding my hand firmly. I cover her nude body with my warm jacket, buttoned up to her neck, and wrap her in the blanket. She’s wearing her bedroom slippers, which are also dripping with cold water. I take off her slippers and put my socks on her feet.

I lay her down on the paramedic’s stretcher and call the medical officer. He checks her in detail and writes a prescription for her to take home. He informs us that she has already been given a combination of ibuprofen and diphenhydramine citrate, along with a heavy dose of sedative to calm down her fever and pain, but she has been advised to sleep well for tonight. Since she is too weak to even walk, I pick her up to carry her to my car. The photographers attack me again, taking pictures of our misery.

“Mr. Gibson, do you know the reason for the fire?”

“Mr. Gibson, is this the daughter of UN secretariat you have been dating, these past weeks?”

“Mr. Gibson, can you tell us how your girlfriend is feeling right now?”

“Mr. Gibson, we heard your girlfriend’s apartment is completely burned down. Is this true?”

I ignore the people and make my way out of the crowd. Ali keeps pushing the reporters and photographers away from us. Rania rests in my lap all the way home.

It takes almost twenty minutes to reach my apartment. She seems to be warming up, not shivering so hard. In the elevator, she’s very quiet, looking down at her feet covered with my socks. I have no idea what she’s feeling right now. It’s very traumatic for her to lose everything, but I vow to give it back to her. After all, her home was my haven too. When I open the door of my apartment, she smiles.

“Is this your place, Adam?”

“Yes. Since you’re here, you may call it home now.”

“It’s beautiful... it’s... out of this world...” She gawks around her. “I thought homes like these only existed in magazines and commercials.” Her mood seems to be lifting, now that she’s somewhere safe. “Oh my...” She kneels down on the floor and touches the white flooring. “Holy shit, who puts marble on floors in Canada? And it’s heated...” She looks up at me with shock, still touching the floor.

“Oh yeah! I have a thing for marbles and granites. I know most Canadians don’t use it because it’s so cold in winter, but I always used to admire marble floors in warm countries. So I installed radiant heat. Now get up, you need to rest.” I give her my hand and help her stand. She looks around the whole foyer area, admiring everything as if she’s in some magical kingdom.

We step into the large living area and I see her eyes sparkling with the lights and colors of the living room.

“Who designed all this?” She looks at me in astonishment.

“If you’re asking from an architectural point of view, I designed this building, including the floor plan of this place, but I got some interior designers to decorate it.”

“It’s beautiful, Adam. It seems like one of those places on HGTV million- dollar listings.”

“Well...” I rub the back of my neck and face her. “It actually is. They were after me to film it.” She wanders around until she finds her most favorite place, the kitchen.

“Holy crap! What a kitchen.” She covers her mouth with surprise. “Oh my... the countertop is amazing.” She spreads her arms over the granite countertop, to feel it on her fingers. I see the excitement in her eyes. I assume she hasn’t seen anything like this. “Look at the gas grill. Eight burners on one baby? Wow!” She keeps amusing herself over the appliances. “This is perfect, Adam. It is like a dream kitchen. I could spend a whole day here.”

“Really?” Her remark surprises me. “It’s yours, anyhow.” As soon as I say the words, her expression changes.

“I have nothing left, Adam. This is your house, not mine. I am homeless.” Tears start coming from her eyes again, and she hides her face with her hands.

“No, baby. Please don’t cry. I promise I will bring your home back.”

“I don’t know if the insurance... ah... none of my stuff was insured.” She speaks behind her hands.

“Don’t worry about the insurance, Rania. I will bring back everything you had in your home. I remember every single thing. I promise everything will be okay. You are here, alive, and I don’t think we should ask for anything more than that. I still don’t know how to thank God for listening to me.” I pull her hands away from her face and wipe her tears. “I’m here, Rania, and I will never leave you. I’ll give your home back to you, just the way it was. I promise.” I take her out of the kitchen and lead her to the bedroom.

She stops looking around the apartment; her excitement over my place is gone. Her loss has hit her again. I settle her on my bed and take some clothes from the chest of drawers.

“Here,” I put a thick T-shirt and pajamas next to her. “You can’t sleep in this jacket. Please, change. Make yourself comfortable and try to feel at home. I’ll be out here, okay?” I kiss her on her forehead and leave the room.

I give her plenty of time to relax on her own. My phone starts ringing as soon as I come out of the washroom. Who’s calling me so late?

“Yes?” I pick up the unknown number.

“Where’s Rania?” I hear a familiar voice.

“Mike, is that you?”

“Yes, Adam. I just heard. Where is she? I’ve been calling her for two hours.” I hear Mike’s voice breaking from worry.

“She’s all right, Mike. Just a bit shaky. She’s lost everything. I guess her phone was in her apartment. I don’t know how she managed to escape out of that death trap.”

“Can I talk to her?” he asks instantly.

“I don’t think she’s in a state to talk to anyone at the moment. When I found her, she was soaked and freezing. She has a bit of a fever, but the medics treated it.” I pause for a moment and take a deep breath. “She’s in a very vulnerable state, Mike. Even I can’t talk to her.”

“Where were you, when it happened?”

“I was in Halifax. It took me two hours to get there.” I sigh again. “I don’t want to imagine what she was doing alone under a tree, all soaked with the rain for two hours. I’m thankful to God that she’s alive.”

“Yes, for sure. I feel bad I wasn’t there for her. When you talk to her, please tell her I called. Tell her I tried my best to come down tonight, but because of Christmas, all the flights are booked. I’ll be back by the 25th in the afternoon.”

“Sure, I’ll tell her. Right now, I just hope she sleeps peacefully for tonight. It’s very important for her health.” I look over at the closed door and shut my eyes.

“Adam, do you suspect anyone is behind the fire?” Mike asks, concerned.

“What do you mean?”

“I just learned that the fire started in Tammy’s apartment, Rania’s next-door neighbor. She hasn’t been home for two weeks, and they say someone left the portable heater turned on in the kids' room. I spoke to Tammy a couple of minutes ago, and she says she doesn’t have a portable heater.”My heart sinks at Mike’s words. Is Rania’s life in danger? “I know it sounds strange, Adam, but tell me, do you have any enemies?” Mike’s question shocks me.

“But why would anyone want to harm her?”

“They don’t necessarily want to harm her. Everyone knows about you two. Maybe someone is trying to harm you through her. It’s a passive way to torture someone.” He takes a deep breath. “I suspected Ethan Murray, but he hasn’t been in Toronto. Is there anyone else that you think might be after you?”

“No, Mike.” I start to shiver. The thought of someone burning Rania because of me is killing me.

“I’m going to investigate it personally. I have asked for CCTV tapes for the whole building, for the past two days. Somehow, I have a feeling this was deliberate.” I’m having trouble breathing, thinking about the implications. “Please take care of her and let me know if you find anything. I’ll call in the morning, once she’s awake.”

Mike hangs up the phone, leaving me worried. I run to the bedroom and open the door without knocking. Rania is sleeping peacefully. She looks wan and pale. If someone wants to harm me, then why not go after me? Why would anyone hurt such an innocent soul? This is all because of me. If I hadn't followed her that very first day, none of this would have happened. What will I do if something happens to her? I hold her hand tightly, but she doesn’t move or respond to my touch.

I won’t let anything happen to you, Rania. I promise. I will protect you till my last breath. I love you.
