I enter my cabin, still surprised at Adam’s remarkable offer. Is he serious?

I don’t have much to pack, except for my medication, basic makeup and nightclothes. I am still lost in what Adam just told me. After a few minutes, I hear another voice coming from the bar area. I poke my head out of the room, and find Ali and Adam talking. As soon as I come in, Ali waves to me and leaves.

“You don’t have to do all this. Please don’t spend a hideous amount of money on the show. We can see it some other time.”

“It’s all done. And it is not much. So relax.” He smiles and continues, “But I like this sparkle in your eyes when you are surprised. You look very innocent and charming.” He watches me very lovingly, which makes me feel special.

“Thank you for all your surprises, Adam, but this is making me feel bad. I feel I am using you, and I can’t even do anything in return.”

“Don’t ever say that again.” He gets angry instantly. “You are not using me. I’m doing all this because I want to.” He takes my hand in his and continues. “You don’t know what you do to me. Your presence is what matters to me most. You trust me... that’s all I want from you. So, we are, in fact, in a give and take relationship.” I just don’t get it, what he sees in me. There is no point in arguing with Adam, though, because he always wins. I should have been more cautious before looking into the magazine. Adam starts working on his laptop, so I get up and decide to check my email. I settle myself by the window and start reading my office emails on my phone.

An hour later, an announcement is made for Winnipeg Station. Adam has disappeared, so I go look for him and surprisingly, I find him in my room. He carries my trolley bag and guides me toward the exit. The city is densely covered with snow, with a temperature of minus seventeen degrees, but it's decorated with holiday lights and Christmas trees, which makes it more welcoming. Adam hands our luggage to someone, then grabs me tightly by the shoulder as if I am a child who might get lost in a crowd. There is a BMW waiting for us outside the station. It is very warm and cozy inside the car. Adam dusts off the snow from my face and hair.

“God, your face is freezing.” He cups my face with both hands. “Let’s get you a coffee or a tea to warm you up.” He asks the driver to stop at any of the coffee shops on our way to somewhere. I start to enjoy the royal treatment
Adam is giving me. His little concerns and worries about me are making a special place in my heart. No one has ever made me feel so much appreciated since my mother. Since the day we met, Adam has given me the feeling that I am playing a substantial role in his life, though the truth is, he is the one to be treasured.

He takes care of me with a hot chocolate.

Adam is busy with his phone calls and I am sitting next to him, enjoying the warmth. I have spent two days with him, alone in a train compartment, but not even once was I fearful; in fact, I felt very protected. Being in his arms gives me the feeling that I am invincible, and no one can harm me. He told me I was having an effect on him, but should I tell him that the feeling is mutual? I could never have imagined sleeping in a man’s arms like that, even with Mike, though he is my best friend. Adam told me he wanted to attain Mike’s place in my heart, but should I tell him that his place is more valuable and treasured? He is the very first man in my life who has made me feel so special. If my little desire to go to the opera is so significant to him, then what will he do if I really ask him for something? I am starting to feel like a woman once more, only because Adam is igniting all the flames in my heart that I extinguished years back.

I close my eyes once again, afraid of what will happen when Adam learns the truth about me. He has always taken me to be a pure and innocent person who has some painful past. I wish I could tell him that along with all my nightmares, I have encountered demons in my life. I wish I could tell him how tormented my soul is, and now that he is in my life, he is secretly picking up all the burned and broken pieces. I want him to be in my life, but I know if he gets to know more about me, he will torture himself and spoil his reputation in society. My burned pieces will burn him too. I wish I could tell him I am not the girl he always sees.

Our car stops in front of the Winnipeg Airport.

“We are taking a flight to Edmonton,” he says. “It’s going to take an hour. That way we can attend the show tomorrow.” He speaks generously, while adjusting my scarf around my neck. The wind is hard and cold, so we rush inside the boarding lounge. After all the clearance and check-ins, we are asked to wait in the business class lounge.

“We already had bookings for the train. Are you in the habit of wasting money, just like that?”

“It is called spending money at the right time. If it will bring a smile to your face, I can spend more than that.” Adam always makes me speechless. There is no point in arguing with him. I will have to be more cautious in the future; as now I know, he watches my every move. I don’t want him to spend so much money on me. I have no right to his treasure. “Would you like to have dinner here?” he asks me, as we seat ourselves in the luxurious lounge. “We have some time before we go.”

“After a smoothie and then hot chocolate, you think I would have room? But I must say you feed me well, Adam.” I smile at him with all my heart.

“I like feeding people. And feeding you is a different experience. It is very sexy!” His gaze on me deepens.

Oh!

I avert my eyes from him, to avoid his intensity. His green eyes have the power to sneak directly into my soul, and that is not fair. Every time he looks at me like that, without even touching me, he is able to pass a thousand watts of current through every inch of my body. “I would like to feed you with my hands one day.” His voice gets more serious and passionate, as do his eyes, and it gives me different signals that I have ever received from him before. I huddle into the corner of the couch, keeping a safe distance from him. There is no one else in the lounge.

Is it the privacy, or the coziness of the area that is making him more intense?

“You are very beautiful, Rania. I would like to paint you on canvas one day.” He still keeps a safe distance, but his eyes don’t.

“You paint as well? I didn’t know that.”

“No one does. I do it at home, in my spare time. I haven’t ever painted a real person. It’s either landscapes or objects. But I wonder if I would be able to capture your beauty.” He pauses for a moment and continues. “Only God
can create such divine beauty. Humans are far from this talent, I believe.”

“But I thought you didn't believe in Him.”

“I told you earlier, you left me no choice. You are making me believe in Him. So, whoever has created you is a perfectionist.” His way of complimenting me is so different from other men. It is very sexy, yet also respectful and gracious. We look at each other quietly, until we get interrupted by a very handsome young Frenchman.

“Bonjour, Mademoiselle.” He greets me with a warm gesture and a kiss on the back of my hand.

“My name is Eugene. As a part of our business class service, we would like to offer you a massage in our spa. Hot stone, aromatherapy, acupuncture—”

“I would be interested in a foot massage.” I stand up with excitement.

“Of course, ma’am. I am a reflexologist by profession and I can—”

“Do you have a masseuse here?” Adam interrupts.

“Not at the moment, sir.” Eugene seems to hesitate.

“Eugene is here to give me a foot massage, Adam.” I look back and forth from Adam to Eugene.

“Thank you for your offer, Mr. Eugene. We are not interested,” Adam says very rudely to the masseur. He grabs my hand and heads to the other side. The masseur is astonished at Adam’s behavior and leaves, giving strange looks to both of us.

“That was very rude of you, Adam.” I look at him furiously, crossing my arms over my chest.

“And what were you doing? Taking a massage from a Frenchman?” He is angrier than me. What's wrong with him?

“Oh, come on, Adam. He is a reflexologist. I know he is good-looking, but I don’t mind if he—”

“But I do mind. Do you get me? I do mind if some other man gives you a massage.” His eyes become more intense and he leans closer to me. I look at him quizzically. Is he serious? “Do you know what kind of sounds you make when you are given a foot massage? Extremely pleasurable and highly erotic! You want to indulge that man, so that he can fuck himself from your sounds and take all the pleasures?” His words shock me. I look at him with my mouth open in surprise. Do I really make sounds during a massage?

Oh my God! This is so embarrassing.

I sit back on the sofa, still shocked by his attitude. Is he getting possessive about me? If not, then what should I call it? All my life, I have been escaping from this feeling, from a possessive man. The feeling which swallows all other feelings like love, trust, and companionship. I start to shiver and feel like my past is holding up a mirror to me once again. Adam notices my sudden mood change and sits beside me.

“I’m sorry for my behavior.” So, he finally admits his mistake. “Last night, when I gave you a massage, you were making sounds which only a man can understand. The feeling that I got at that moment—I don’t want another man to experience it.” He looks down at his fingers, entwined on his lap. “I don’t know what you call it, Rania, possessiveness or jealousy. But I can’t share that feeling with anyone.” He stands up without even looking at me, picks up the newspaper, and sits on the other side of the room. I sit here quietly, not sure what to say. Being jealous or possessive, is it one of Adam’s normal traits? What other traits are there in his personality that I have not seen or experienced? He possesses what he wants. I don’t want you to end up being one of his possessions. Ben’s words churn in my mind with all the mixed feelings that I have for Adam.

He has shown me care and kindness; he has surprised me in various ways that I have never dreamt about. Yet, his sudden change in attitude has created an alarm in my head. I guess Ben is right; I should be more cautious. It was just a foot massage by a stranger, and he is frenzied about it. What if I tell him about my past? How deranged would he act? Where is the trust that he has been asking for? I want to ask him about it, but his frozen attitude shows that it is not the right time. I will ask him when he has control over his emotions.

An announcement is made to board the plane, and I pick up my bag and head toward the door without looking at him. He follows me without saying a word. Our seats are together, obviously, so I have no other choice but to sit next to him. The airhostess asks us if we want champagne, and Adam orders orange juice for both of us. I look at him in surprise that he didn’t order champagne for himself. He reads my eyes and breaks the silence between us.

“We need to talk with a clear mind. The alcohol won’t let me talk properly.” Is he a mind reader?

“What do you want to talk about? Your stubbornness?” I ask him sarcastically, cocking my head. The airhostess shows up again with our juice. He turns toward me and holds my hand tightly.

“I’m sorry, Rania. If I’ve upset you, I am ready to apologize to that good looking masseur also, but please don’t be so distant with me.” His expression is as serious as his tone, but somehow, his way of calling the masseur good looking makes me laugh and banishes all my anger and fear. With one apology, he eases all the tensions between us.

“Oh, Adam, you are very cute.” I put my other hand on his. “So, I can get a massage now?”

“No, I didn’t say that. I will ask them if they have a masseuse here on board.” He leans away from me, back to his jealous mode.

“What’s the problem with—”

“I don’t want any man to touch you, Rania. It’s as simple as that. Or do you want to be touched by another man?” He looks at me in vexation.

I look at him, wondering what has happened to him. “And why do you think I want to be touched by some stranger?”

“Exactly! I am doing what you want. I am protecting you from the ferocious eyes.”

“Oh my God! I can’t believe it.” I put my hands on my mouth, trying to hide my laughter. He is acting like a kid who is not willing to share his toys. 

“He was a professional masseur. I was not dating him.”

“Don’t you even dare think about dating another man.” His look ravages the entire comfort zone between us. What is wrong with him?

“Another man? What do you mean by that? Who am I dating?”

“What do you call this, then?”

“Excuse me, Mr. Gibson, we are just friends. I am not dating. You are not my boyfriend.” My tone is a bit harsh, and loud enough that the people around us look at us with curiosity. Our argument is getting us nowhere.

I realize it is better to be quiet than to argue during the flight and create a scene. He is not in his regular mood, so to avoid bickering, I take out my ebook reader and continue with my reading. I know he is looking at me, trying to say something, but my cold behavior and unresponsiveness give him the message. He is treating me like a possession that he can claim whenever he wants. If an encounter with a professional masseur is so difficult for him, then will he also get enraged over my friendship with Mike? No, I can’t let him dominate me like that. I won’t jeopardize my years of friendship with Mike over his stupid, arrogant, jealous attitude.

“I know you’re not reading.” He interrupts my wild thoughts. How does he know that? “You can’t be reading a single page for ten minutes. Tell me what you’re thinking.” He leans his head toward me, whispering very low, so that no one can hear us.

“Why don’t you tell me, Mr. Mind Reader, what I am thinking?” I ask him crisply. He smiles at my question and shakes his head, running his fingers through his hair.

“I don’t know what I shall do to you. You are an impossible girl.” He takes a sip of his juice and glances at me. “You think I’m a control freak? That’s what you were thinking?” I shift away from him and huddle toward the window. He is a freaking mind reader. “Your face shows everything, whatever is going on in your head. You can’t lie... not to me at least!” He takes another sip, and relaxes with grace. We don’t speak for a while, until he finally breaks the silence. “Don’t get me wrong, Rania, but I was not raised with any relationships in my life—no siblings, no parents, no childhood friends. Yes, a father, who never had time for me. I don’t know what should I call this, friendship or a date, but it is the first for me in either case. I never had a female friend in my life. No girlfriends. But this, whatever it is, I want to keep it. It’s the most precious possession I have... and the most sacred feeling, which I can’t imagine losing.” Adam’s disclosure sends shivers deep down in me. Am I really so important to him?

I look at him with a totally awed expression, dumfounded. I have nothing to say to him that is as comforting as his epiphany, but I hold his hand firmly and reassure him with my smile. We don’t speak for the rest of the flight. I don’t know where Adam is taking me or what he has planned, but I trust him unconditionally. When we leave the plane, he seems to be shielding me from the eyes of others. I also hope no one will recognize him in this new city. If he is recognized throughout the nation, it could create a lot of trouble for me.

Being business class passengers, we are out of the airport in no time. I have never traveled so luxuriously in my life—first the lavish train and then massage options in the boarding lounge, which I was not able to use. Everything looks like a fairytale to me, and I wish to stay in this magical kingdom for a long time, to enjoy all the bliss. Adam appears to be God’s gift to me, and I wonder what good deed have I done to attain such blessings of care, kindness and friendship from one person.

I am soon seated in a deep blue Lexus with Adam. I have no idea where he is taking me, but it’s almost ten, so he will definitely take me somewhere to sleep. Adam is busy on the phone with someone, giving instructions about office work, so I entertain myself watching all the city glitz and glamour. Christmas is around the corner, so the downtown streets are decorated with holiday lights and trees. This is my first visit to Edmonton, but I never imagined it being so opulent.

Our car stops in front of The Fairmont Hotel MacDonald, at the grand entrance. It is a huge gray building, looking like it was built early in the last century. Adam is still on the phone, but his eyes and attention are on me. He holds my hand and helps me out of the car, and we enter the lobby. Why is nobody taking care of the luggage? We head toward the reception desk, where we are greeted by a graceful lady in her forties, dressed in a black suit. Adam offers his credit card and Fairmont President Club member card. The lady looks at the card and smiles at both of us.

“Good evening, Mr. Gibson. Thank you for choosing our hotel. As a President Club member, we are upgrading you to our special Queen Elizabeth Suite on the eighth floor. I am sure you will enjoy your three-day stay with us.” She hands us two room cards with her pretty smile. Three days? But I already have a booking somewhere else.

I follow Adam blindly to the room. When he opens the door, I am speechless for a moment. We enter a large dining area that easily seats eight, with light gray walls and elegant lighting. Beyond that is a lavish, yet cozy living area, with deep gray velvet sofas and a big flat screen television. What surprises me most is the staircase behind the living room, which reminds me the room lacks a bed. Holy shit! It is a two-story suite.

I am busy absorbing the beauty and elegance of the room when Adam interrupts me.

“You like it?”

“I have no words. But it is too much for... I mean, a whole family could stay here.” I head toward the window and see the beautiful city view, engulfed in darkness and snow.

“For now, it is just two of us.” Adam speaks with tenderness, taking off his jacket. Two of us? Does he plan for us to sleep in one room? I ignore his statement and look at the view again.

“Don’t you want to see the bedroom upstairs?”

I follow him up the stairs, where a double door opens into the master suite. At the entrance there is a beautiful white chaise, perfect for reading, with a stunning city-view window. The room has light brown wallpaper, and is elegantly decorated. There is a large king-size bed, with luxurious bedding and deep red velvet cushions—almost too beautiful to sleep on. There is an en-suite washroom, which has a double sink vanity and a jetted bathtub decorated with ivory candles. It looks like a honeymoon suite.

Oh no!

What if someone leaks the news that Adam and I checked into a hotel together?

“Where is my room, Adam?”

“This is your room.” He gives me a generous smile.

“It is too big for me.” I look around the bedroom.

“Not if you let me sleep here somewhere. This poor guy doesn’t have a room tonight.” Poor guy? I’d like to be as poor as you! He sits down on the chaise. “I can sleep here.”

“Adam, you’re kidding me, right?” I cross my arms over my chest. “You expect us to sleep in one room?”

“Yes, because the hotel is overbooked. This is the only room available. Also, my beautiful friend has a problem with nightmares, and I have promised to be there for her.” He copies me and folds his arms over his chest, but he smiles mischievously. So, you are in a playful mood! He observes my tension intently, then stands up and walks over to me. His gaze is dark and deep, which makes me step back, creating a distance between us. I know his desire is to destroy all the boundaries. “You don’t trust me? You think I would do anything against your will?” He reads my face with his intense, serious gaze. He takes something out of his pocket. “I want you to sleep without this poison from now on.” He shows me my sleeping pills. Where the hell did he get those from? “I stole this from your luggage and I’m not going to give it to you.” His tone is extremely serious. “You did sleep well, the whole night without waking up, when I stayed with you in your apartment. I want to see if my presence keeps you away from all this shit or not.”

“You can’t do this to me. I’ve been taking these pills for years. I can’t sleep without them.”

“Yes, you will, and I will make sure you don’t take this shit from now on. I want to experiment and see how you will sleep without this, with me.”

“Then what will happen, Adam? What if your experiment is successful? You can’t be guarding my sleep every night.”

“Yes, I can. You don’t know me, Rania. I am extremely good at keeping promises.”

“Oh my God! I can't believe it.” I rake my fingers through my hair and shake my head in distress. Adam is impossible to deal with. He expects me to allow him to sleep in the same room with me, so that I don’t get any nightmares. What kind of theory is this?

“You still get nightmares with these pills. So what’s the purpose of taking them, other than damaging your brain cells?”

“Yes, I do, but at least my sleep is not broken. If I don’t take them, and I get the nightmares and wake up, I can’t get back to sleep, no matter how hard I try.”

“You will try, Rania. And I will make it happen. Now that I’ve seen you doing this rubbish, I just can't let you rely on them. And I will expect you to be a good girl and cooperate with me.” He puts the pills back in his trouser pocket.

“You promised to guard my privacy, and you bring me to a hotel and want to share a room with me. Do you think no one will find out?” I ask him furiously.

“No, no one will. I’ve given them special instructions and they will be accountable if the news leaks out. Believe me, I won’t let it happen. Please don’t make a fuss about sharing a room. We were alone on the train for two days and you still think I’m going to attack you like an animal?”

“It is not about trust, Adam. I am not saying you will harm me. But it doesn’t look good, socially or ethically, that we are sharing a room. Anyone from outside would think we have more than a friendship. What if my father hears about this?”

“Your father will never hear about it, and why do you give a shit what other people think? You won’t end up in the news, I promise you, so please have some faith in me.”

There is no point in arguing with him—at least, not for tonight. An attendant rings the room bell downstairs, so we both head down. He has our luggage, and Adam instructs him to leave it on the upper level. He is rewarded with a hundred dollar bill, as a tip, just to bring our bags. Why does Adam waste so much money? I turn on the television, pretending I didn’t notice his generous act. After a while, there is another attendant with the dinner trolley. I am surprised to see the selection of food Adam has chosen.

How did he know I wanted a regular sandwich? He is truly a mind reader.

We both dive into the food immediately, eating without talking to each other.

After dinner, Adam makes a few calls and disappears upstairs. I become engrossed in an animated movie, which I thoroughly enjoy. After almost half an hour, I notice Adam sitting on the other couch watching me intently, rubbing his index finger on his lips, which he usually does when he’s thinking. I glance at him for a second. He has showered and changed into a white T-shirt and navy blue pajamas, which look extremely sexy and masculine on him. I return to the movie, trying to pretend I’m not drooling at his beauty, though I am. You are a pathetic liar... anything you think comes to your face. His words tingle in my mind and I am afraid of him seeing the truth on my stupid face.

“You like watching children’s movies?” He interrupts my wild thoughts. I was not watching the movie; I was lost in you.

“It is not for kids. This movie has made more money this year than any other.”

“It’s an animation. Kids watch it, I guess.” He looks back and forth from me to the movie.

“You will like it, once you start watching it. It has nothing to do with kids. But I watch romantic movies too. Although I don’t believe in that bullshit.”

“You think romance is bullshit?”

“A guy meets a girl, starts dating with a kiss and ends with wild sex in the bedroom. That’s what all romantic movies are about. You can’t call them love stories. It’s pure lust, one of the deadly sins.” His expression says he is not convinced. “Do you believe in romance?” I ask.

“I haven’t experienced it, but yes, I do believe in it. And if you call it lust, then definitely I believe in it, but I think it’s another form of love.”

“I believe lust exists in love, but love is not necessarily present when lust is involved. Love is not a sin; lust is. It is up to the person, if they want to put romance in the lust or the love category. I see it as lust.” My eyes are still on the TV.

“So, all the people who fall in love and surprise their lovers with hearts and flowers, you don’t think it's romantic? You think it’s lust?” Adam gives me his complete attention.

“I don’t know. I told you earlier. I am not that kind of a girl, so I can't really comment on it. But then, what happens at the end? If a guy offers hearts and flowers to a girl, he expects the girl’s naked body in his bed. It is cruel to say, but that’s the truth. So where is love then? It all starts with lust, doesn’t it?”

“But sex is another form of sharing and expressing love.”

“So, when you had sex with all the females in your past, you were in love with all of them?” My question has rendered Adam speechless. He keeps rubbing his finger on his lower lip, trying to figure out what to say in return.

“I am not saying sex is equivalent to love, but at the end, when two people are passionate about each other, they would certainly opt for sex. It’s how our human bodies are made, since the very beginning of time.” He pauses for a moment and continues. “I agree sex is a part of lust, but it is also a part of sharing each other, physically and emotionally.”

“If you are emotionally attached to someone, you would want to physically attach to her too?”

“Of course, I would want to. I would want to make her feel, through my body, how I feel about her.”

Really?

I hear seriousness in his voice. Our conversation is warming up the room.
“That happens only once or twice. Then men get used to the same body, and there is no passion, no surprise.” I look back toward the movie, to avoid his gaze. I don’t want him to read my eyes and sneak into my past once again. It is too painful to share with anyone.

“Are you afraid of sex, or are you afraid to fall in love?” Adam’s sudden interrogation surprises me. What kind of question is that?

I ignore him and walk away.
