Shit! Is that really her? Is she the same woman who cast the spell on me?

“Sylvain, get in here immediately,” I say to my personal assistant in a very unpleasant manner, without looking at her. She follows me into my office.

“Is something wrong, Mr. Gibson?” she asks in a motherly tone.

Something wrong? I am fucked up, Sylvain!

“There is some breakfast meeting or get-together going on in sub- basement...umm...in the Maple Room. Find out all the details about it—who is holding it; what it’s about. Ask the security department to fetch me the list of all the invitees along with the pictures from their security badges.” I have never been so insistent about anything.

Sylvain leaves immediately. I sit down behind my huge dark wooden desk and swivel my leather chair to face the view outside. It has started raining again. My office is on the fifty-fourth floor. It feels powerful to take in the view and own a place so high, yet I felt so weak in front of that girl.

What is in her that I couldn't articulate?

She is undoubtedly the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, and it was quite unsettling to me that the charm that other women usually see in me was completely invisible to her. Is she truly an enchantress from some other world, or is she a part of my fantasy that I have conjured? I am spellbound. A human can’t cast a spell. There must be some witchcraft going on.
At the sight of her, my heart had begun beating like a drum. It’s the same feeling I had eight months back when I met the woman dancing passionately in that old building. I can never forget how those ebony eyes looked at me from behind the mask, how she was trying to catch her breath, her breasts resting on me.

Is she the same girl?

No, she can’t be. Rania is an ordinary girl, doing a regular job. There was magic in that enchantress, in her eyes, in her lips, in her movements, yet the same magic exists in Rania’s eyes too. And her fragrance, it was so familiar. The same aroma that intoxicated me that day, when I lost my mind. I lost it today too. The spark that I got when her hand touched mine, did she feel the same sensation?

I look at my hand carefully to check if it has turned blue due to the electrical current. Nothing like this has happened to me before.

Fuck! What is wrong with me?

I have slept with so many women, but never felt anything except fulfilling my body’s needs. I wonder how, just with a touch of her hand, she made all my reflexes work together within my body at the same time. What would it be like to be close to her? The explosion would surely kill me. And that death would be so much sweeter than this life.

What must she be thinking about me, a rude self-centered man who didn't have the courtesy to help a lady? I could have called her back and given her the badge. What the hell was I thinking?

A knock at the door brings me back into the world of reality.

“Come in, Sylvain.” I know it’s her. No one would come to the door unannounced except her and Ali.

“Mr. Gibson, I have all the details. The meeting was organized by Ben Dynham, CEO of Greenway Advertising. Their office is on the thirteenth floor of this building. It is just the regular holiday breakfast for all their creative teams. Their sales and marketing departments work from this campus, whereas the other departments like Creative Graphics and Creative Minds work from the Inwood International head office on Bloor Street. The meeting room is booked till 12:30, under Mr. Dynham’s name.” Sylvain looks proud of having delivered the information so quickly.

She hands me the list of invitees, which I start scrutinizing immediately. It has their employee and badge numbers, along with the badge pictures.

“Anything else, Mr. Gibson?” she asks gently.

“Yes, send Ali in.” I am still going through the list and not looking at her. There she is. Rania Ahmed. It is very easy to locate her in the list; she has the most beautiful picture. How can someone look so fascinating on a security badge? I could look at this picture for years. The eyes contain the same magic. I get completely lost in her beauty, not realizing when Ali steps into my room. He must have knocked on the door, which I didn't hear at all. I look away from the paper and place it on my desk.

“This girl.” I point with my index finger to let Ali know who I mean. He looks intently and reads out her name. “I want her complete background check, where she lives, where she goes, her hobbies and activities, her job description, her weekly schedule, her relationships, her shopping interests. I want to know everything about her.”

Ali looks at me, surprised and dubious. He’s no doubt wondering when I developed stalking tendencies. Ali bin Moosa has been working with me and my dad for twelve years, almost as long as Sylvain. He was my father’s right hand and then, after his death, he started working for me. He is kind of a brother to me, although he’s ten years older. An ex-army officer, of Moroccan background with a tall broad physique, he is a trained fighter and knows how to handle the most critical situations. He knows all my habits, my secrets, my interests. I always get my employees’ background checks, but I have never been so aggressive about it. Not even about my clients with whom I do million-dollar deals.

“This information will take at least an hour, if you can wait.” He knows me very well, and he knows I am anxious to know the details. “And about her weekly schedule, we need to monitor her activities for a week; we cannot really find out about her daily schedule. Are you sure you want to go with this?” He is right. It is not appropriate to stalk her. It would be violating her privacy.

Fuck her privacy.

I want to be her only private concern.

“I can’t trust anyone other than you, Ali. You investigate everything about her personally. Make sure this conversation remains between us. Do not ask anyone about it. Be her shadow.”

Ali stands here in amusement and swallows each word I have said to him. “I will find out the details and email them to you in an hour. Anything else?”

“Yes, one more thing, Ali. Inform Mr. Dynham that I will be joining the breakfast shortly.” Ali leaves my office with more work on his shoulders.
Show time!
