Revealed in Makkah

In the Name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most
Merciful.

By the forenoon.

By the night when it darkens.

Your Lord has neither forsaken you nor hates
you.

And indeed the Hereafter is better for you than
the present.

And verily, your Lord will give you so that you
shall be well-pleased.

Did He not find you an orphan and gave you a
refuge?

And He found you unaware and guided you.

And He found you poor and made you rich.

Therefore, treat not the orphan with
oppression.

And repulse not the one who asks.

And proclaim the grace of your Lord.
The Reason for the Revelation of Surah Ad-Duha
Imam Ahmad recorded from Jundub that he said,
"The Prophet became ill, so he did not stand for prayer
for a night or two. Then a woman came and said,
"O Muhammad! I think that your devil has finally left
you."
So Allah revealed,
By the forenoon.
By the night when it darkens.
Your Lord has neither rorsaken you nor hates you.
Al-Bukhari, Muslim, At-Tirmidhi, An-Nasa'i, Ibn Abi Hatim and
Ibn Jarir, all recorded this Hadith.
This Jundub (who narrated it) is Ibn "Abdullah Al-Bajali Al-
"Alaqi. In a narration from Al-Aswad bin Qays, he said that he
heard Jundub say that Jibril was slow in coming to the
Messenger of Allah . So the idolators said,
"Muhammad's Lord has abandoned him."
So Allah revealed,
By the forenoon. By the night when it darkens. Your Lord
has neither forsaken you nor hates you.
Al-Awfi reported from Ibn Abbas,
"When the Qur'an was revealed to the Messenger of
Allah, Jibril was delayed from coming to him for a
number of days (on one occasion). Therefore, the
Messenger of Allah was affected by this. Then the
idolators began to say, His Lord has abandoned him
and hates him. So Allah revealed,
Your Lord has neither forsaken you nor hates you."
In this, Allah is swearing by the forenoon and the light
that He has placed in it. By the night when it
darkens (Saja).
meaning, it settles, darkens and overcomes them.
This was said by Mujahid, Qatadah, Ad-Dahhak, Ibn
Zayd and others. This is a clear proof of the power of the
Creator of this (light) and that (darkness).
This is as Allah says,
By the night as it envelops. By the Day as it
appears.
Allah also says,
(He is the) Cleaver of the daybreak. He has
appointed the night for resting, and the sun and
the moon for reckoning. Such is the measuring of
the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
Allah then says, Your Lord has neither
forsaken you,
meaning, He has not abandoned you.
nor hates (Qala) you. meaning, He does not
hate you.
The Hereatter is Better Than This First Life
And indeed the Herearter is better for you than the
present.
meaning, the abode of the Herearter is better for you
than this current abode.
For this reason the Messenger of Allah used to be the
most abstinent of the people concerning the worldly
things, and he was the greatest of them in his disregard
for worldly matters. This is well known by necessity from
his biography. When the Prophet was given the choice at
the end of his life between remaining in this life forever
and then going to Paradise, or moving on to the
company of Allah, he chose that which is with Allah over
this lowly world. Imam Ahmad recorded that Abdullah
bin Mas'ud said,
"The Messenger of Allah was lying down on a straw
mat and it left marks on his side. Then when he woke
up he began to rub his side. So I said,
O Messenger of Allah! Will you allow us to spread
something soft over this straw mat
He replied,
I have nothing to do with this world. The parable
of me and this world is like a rider who rests in
the shade of a tree, then he passes on and leaves
it."
At-Tirmidhi and Ibn Majah both recorded this Hadith by way of
Al-Masudi.
At-Tirmidhi said, "Hasan Sahih."
The Numerous Bounties of the Hereafter are waiting for the
Messenger of Allah
Then Allah says,
And verily, your Lord will give you so that you shall be
well-pleased.
meaning, in the final abode Allah will give him until
He pleases him concerning his followers, and in that
which He has prepared for him from His generosity.
From this will be the River of Al-Kawthar, which will
have domes of hollowed pearls on its banks, and the
mud on its banks will be the strongest rragrance of
musk, as will be mentioned.
Imam Abu
said,
Amr Al-Awzai recorded that Ibn "Abbas
"The Messenger of Allah was shown that which his
Ummah would be blessed with after him, treasure
upon treasure. So he was pleased with that. Then
Allah revealed, (And verily,
your Lord will give you so that you shall be well-
pleased).
So, Allah will give him in Paradise one million
palaces, and each palace will contain whatever he
wishes of wives and servants."
This was recorded by Ibn Jarir and Ibn Abi Hatim from
his route of transmission. This chain of narration is
authentic to Ibn "Abbas, and statements like this can
only be said from that which is Tawqif.
A Mention of some of Allah's Favors upon the Messenger
Enumerating His Favours upon His Messenger, MuhammadB
Allah says;
Did He not find you an orphan and gave you a refuge?
This refers to the fact that
- his father died while his mother was still pregnant
with him,
- and his mother, Aminah bint Wahb died when he
was only six years old.
- After this he was under the guardianship of his
grandfather, Abdul-Muttalib, until he died when
Muhammad was eight years old.
- Then his uncle, Abu Talib took responsibility for him
and continued to protect him, assist him, elevate his
status, honor him, and even restrain his people from
harming him.
When he was forty years of age and Allah commissioned
him with the Prophethood. Even with this, Abu Talib
continued to follow the religion of his people,
worshipping idols. All of this took place by the divine
decree of Allah and His decree is most excellent. Until
Abu Talib died a short time before the Hijrah.
After this (Abu Talib's death) the foolish and ignorant
people of the Quraysh began to attack him, so Allah
chose for him to migrate away from them to the city of
Al-Aws and Al-Khazraj among those who helped him (in
Al-Madinah). Allah caused his Sunnah to be spread in the
most perfect and complete manner. Then, when he
arrived at their city, they gave him shelter, supported
him, defended him and fought before him (against the
enemies of Islam) -- may Allah be pleased with all of
them. All of this was from AllahTs protection for him,
guarding over him and caring for him.
Then Allah says,
He found you unaware and guided you.
This is similar to AllahTs saying,
And thus We have sent to you a Ruh from Our
command. you knew not what is the Book, nor
what is Faith. But We have made it a light
wherewith We guide whosoever of our servants
We will...
Allah says,
And He found you poor and made you rich.
meaning, you were poor having dependents, so Allah
made you wealthy and independent of all others besides
Him.
Thus, Allah combined for him the two positions:
- the one who is poor and patient,
- and the one who is wealthy and thankful.
In the Two Sahihs it has been recorded from Abu
Hurayrah that the Messenger of Allah said,
Wealth is not determined by abundance of
possessions, but wealth is the richness of the
soul.
In Sahih Muslim, it is recorded from Abdullah bin Amr
that the Messenger of Allah said,
Whoever accepts Islam, is provided with his basic
needs, and Allah makes him content with what He
has given him, then he will be successful.
How should this Bounty be responded to
Then Allah says,
Therefore, treat not the orphan with oppression.
meaning,
just as you were an orphan and Allah sheltered you,
then do not oppress the orphan.
In other words,
do not humiliate him, scorn him or despise him.
Rather, you should be kind and gentle to him.
Qatadah said,
"Be like a merciful father to the orphan."
And repulse not the one who asks.
meaning,
"just as you were astray and Allah guided you, then
do not scorn the one who asks for knowledge seeking
to be guided.
Ibn Ishaq said, (And repulse not the one
who asks).
"This means do not be oppressive, arrogant, wicked,
or mean to the weak among Allah's servants."
Qatadah said,
"This means respond to the poor with mercy and
gentleness."
And proclaim the grace of your Lord.
meaning,
just as you were poor and needy, and Allah made
you wealthy, then tell about AllahTs favor upon you.
Abu Dawud recorded from Abu Hurayrah that the
Prophet said,
Whoever is not thankful to the people, then he is
not thankful to Allah.
At-Tirmidhi also recorded this Hadith and he said,
"Sahih".
Abu Dawud recorded from Jabir that the Prophet said,
Whoever overcomes some test (i.e., calamity)
and mentions it (to others), then he is indeed
thankful. And whoever conceals it, then indeed he
was ungrateful.
Abu Dawud was alone in recording this Hadith.
This is the end of the Tafsir of Surah Ad-Duha, and unto Allah
is due all praise and thanks.
