I force my feet to move faster, I have never been very athletic but my adrenaline is in full effect. I reach the end of the street and I begin to tire. Where the hell am I going to go? I don't remember the path that I walked back to my dorm last time and I stupidly left my phone in my room.
"Tessa stop!' Harry yells again. I stop. I stop dead in my tracks. Why am I even running from him, he needs to explain why he keeps playing games with me. "What did Zayn say to you?" What?

When I turn around to face him he is only a few feet away, due to the shocked expression he holds, I know he didn't expect me to stop.

"What Harry! What could you possibly want from me?" I scream. My heart is pounding from running and from him breaking it.

"I.. " He seems to be at a loss for words for once. "Did Zayn say something to you?"

"No.. why would he?" I take another step forward so I am face to face with him, well I would be if he wasn't so much taller than me. My anger is rolling off of me.

"I'm sorry okay?" He says quietly. He looks into my eyes and reaches his hand out to take mine but I swat it away. He ignores my question about Zayn but I am too mad to care.

"You're sorry? You're sorry?" I repeat, my voice comes out in a laugh.

"Yea, I am."

"Go to hell Harry." I begin to walk away, he grabs my arm again and my anger boils over. My hand flies up and smacks him, hard. I am surprised by my violent actions as he is and I almost want to apologize for hitting him, but the pain he has caused me is much more than a slap on the cheek.

He rubs his cheek with his hand and looks back to me. "What the hell is your problem you were the one kissing Zayn!" He yells. A car passes and the driver stares but I ignore it. I don't care about causing a scene right now.

"You're not seriously trying to blame me? You lied to me and played me like a fool Harry! Just when I thought I could trust you, you humiliate me! If you wanted to be with Molly why not just tell me to leave you alone? Instead, you feed me that bullshit about wanting more and beg me to stay the night with you just so you can use me! What was the point what did you get out of it, oh besides a blow job!" I scream, the word tastes odd coming out of my mouth.

"What? You think that's what I am doing? You think I am using you?" He shouts.

"No, that's not what I think Harry, that is what I know. But guess what? I'm done, I am so beyond done. I will move rooms if I have to so I don't have to see you again!" I say and mean it.

"You're overreacting." he states and it takes everything in me not to slap him again.

"I'm overreacting? You didn't tell your friends about us, you didn't tell me about this party, then you left me standing in the parking lot like a dumbass while you left with Molly out of all people! Then I show up here to find Molly on your lap, and then you kiss her. Right in front of me Harry. So my reaction is justified." I say, my voice much quieter, exhausted. I wipe the fresh tears from my face and wait for his response.

"You kissed Zayn right in front of me! And I didn't tell you about the party because I don't have to! You wouldn't have wanted to come anyway, you would have been too busy studying or watching the damn paint dry" he hisses.

"So why even waste your time with me? Why even follow me out here Harry?" He doesn't say anything. "That's what I thought, you thought you could come out here and say sorry and I would stay a secret, you're boring little hidden girlfriend. You're wrong, you took my kindness for weakness and you were sadly mistaken."

"Girlfriend? You thought you were my girlfriend?" He almost laughs. The pain in my chest is magnified by a thousand.

"No.. I." I start to say. I don't know what to say.

"You did, didn't you?" he laughs.

"You know.. I did." I admit. I am already humiliated so I have nothing to lose. "You fed me that bullshit about wanting more and I believed you. I believed all the shit you said to me, all the things you claimed to never tell anyone, that was all bullshit too. I am sure none of that even happened. But you know what? I'm not even mad at you, I am mad at myself for believing it. I knew how you were before I started to fall for you, I knew you would hurt me. What were your words, 'You'll destroy me?' Congratulations Harry, you won." I sob. Pain flashes in his eyes, well what looks like pain. It is probably humor.

I no longer care about winning or losing or playing these exhausting games with him. I turn away from him again and begin to walk back towards the house, I will have to find someone's phone to use to call Liam or get directions to the dorms.

"Where are you going?" He asks. It hurts that he doesn't have anything to say, he has offered me no explanation. He has only confirmed what I already knew, that he is heartless.

"Back to the house, I need to use someone's phone to call Liam." I walk faster, only a few more houses until his.

"Liam? Why would you call Liam?"

"Because I can depend on him"

"You can't depend on me?" He asks. He can't be serious.

"Are you really that crazy or are you just playing with my head again? You can't possibly think I could ever depend on you or even trust you." I spit. We are back to the steps in front of the house and I spot Molly's pink hair outside. "Aww look, she is waiting for you. You two really are perfect for each other."

"It's not like that and you know it." He says.

"I don't know anything, obviously." I snap and take two steps at a time.

Zayn appears in the doorway and I rush to his side. "Can I use your phone? Please?" I beg and he nods.

"Are you okay? I tried to go after you, but you were long gone." he says and I nod. Harry stands in front of Zayn and I while I call Liam and ask him to pick me up. Zayn and Harry stare at eachother for a second before Zayn looks away and back down at me.

"Is he coming?" Zayn asks, his voice full of concern.

"Yea, he will be here in a few minutes. Thank you for letting me use your phone." I tell him, ignoring Harry.

"No problem, do you want me to wait with you?" He asks.

"No, I will wait with her." Harry's voice is full of venom.

"I would love if you could wait with me, Zayn." I say and Harry balls his fists at his sides. I walk back down the steps with Zayn. Harry being the asshole that he is follows us down the steps and stands behind us awkwardly. Steph, Tristan and Molly walk down the steps to us.

"Are you okay?" Steph asks and I nod.

"Yea, I am leaving though. I shouldn't have even come here." I say and she hugs me.

"You got that right.'' Molly says under her breath.

"You are right, I shouldn't be here. I don't enjoy getting drunk and hanging all over every guy in the place." I snap. I hate confrontation usually but I hate Molly even more.

"Excuse me?" She says.

"You heard me."

"What's your problem? Are you mad that I kissed Harry because guess what sweetie? I kiss Harry all the time." she says and I feel the blood draining from my face.

I look at Harry and he doesn't say anything. So he has been messing with Molly the entire time? This doesn't surprise me as much as it should. I don't even have a comeback to her, I try to think of something to say back, anything really but I can't. I am sure as soon as I walk away I will think of ten comebacks, but right now I have nothing.

"Let's go inside." Tristan suggests and grabs Molly and Steph by their arms. I try to smile at him to thank him as they begin to walk away.

"You too, Harry. Get away from me." I say and stare at the street.

"I haven't kissed her, I mean lately. Except for tonight. I swear." He says. Why is he saying this in front of them? Molly turns around.

"I don't really give a shit who you kiss. Now leave me alone." I repeat. A huge wave of relief washes over me as I see Liam's car pull up.

"Thanks again." I tell Zayn.

"No problem, don't forget what I asked." he smiles, reminding me of his proposition to take me on a date.

"Tessa.." Harry calls as I step away. I ignore him. "Tessa!" He calls louder.

"What the hell do you want Harry? I have said everything I have to say to you. I am done listening to you and your bullshit!" I scream. I am aware of everyone's eyes on us but I have had enough. "Now leave me the fuck alone!" I scream.

"I.. Tessa, I.." He says, rushing after me.

"You what? You what Harry?" I scream even louder.

"I ..I love you!" He yells. All the air from my lungs disappears as Molly sounds like she is choking and Steph looks like she has seen a ghost.

"You're sick Harry, you're really fucking sick." I grab for the door handle on Liam's car but I am yanked away by Harry. Despite the fact that I know this is part of his game, it still awakens something inside me to hear those words come off his lips.

"It's true, I do. I know you won't believe me but I do, I love you. " He says, his eyes brimming with tears. He is better than I thought. I can't believe he is doing this in front of everyone.

"You expect me to believe that? You wouldn't even tell your friends about us and then you humiliate me in front of everyone and you expect me to believe that?" I shove him backwards and open the door. I lock the door before Harry gains his balance.

"Please drive, just get me away from here." I beg Liam as Harry bangs his hands against the window.

I put my hands over my face so Harry doesn't see me cry as Liam drives away.
