Harry's fingers trail further up my shirt, causing my breathing to accelerate. A smile crept onto his beautiful face as he became aware.
"One touch and you're already panting" His raspy voice whispers. He leans over, moving my feet off of his lap so that he is can bring his mouth to my neck. His tongue makes a flat stripe down my neck and I quiver. My fingers thread into his curls and I tug as he nips at my skin. One of his hands slides down in between my legs but I grab his wrist to stop him.

"What's wrong?" He breathes.

"Nothing.. I just thought that I would do something for you this time?" I look away. His fingers cup my chin so I am forced to make eye contact with him. He tries to hide his smirk but I catch him.

"And what would you like to do for me?"

"Well.. I thought I could, you know what you said the other day?" I don't know why I am so shy with words when Harry says anything and everything he is thinking, but the words 'blow job' are not in my vocabulary.

"You want to suck my cock?" He asks, clearly surprised. I am officially horrified. Yet somehow turned on.

"Uhm.. yea. I mean if you want me to?" I hope as our relationship progresses I will be able to say these things to him.

"Of course I want you to, I have wanted your lips around me since I saw you the first time." he says. I am oddly flattered by his crude remark.

"Are you sure though? Have you ever .. even seen a dick before?" I know he knows the answer to that, maybe he is just trying to remind me?

"Of course I have. Not a real one, but pictures and I once walked in on the neighbor watching a naughty movie." I tell him and he stifles a laugh.

"Stop laughing at me, Harry." I warn him.

"I'm not baby, I'm sorry. It's just I have never met anyone who has such little experience. It's a good thing though, I swear. Sometimes your innocence just throws me off a bit. But with that being said, it's a huge turn on that I am the only one who has never made you come, yourself included." he doesn't laugh this time which makes me feel better.

"Okay.. so let's get started." I request. He smiles and runs his thumb along my cheek.

"So sassy, I like it." he says and lays stands up.

"Where are you going?" I ask him and he smiles.

"No where, I am just taking my pants off."

"I wanted to do that." I pout and he chuckles and tugs his pants back up. 

"Here ya go babe." he puts his hands on his hips.

I smile and move forward, pulling his pants down. Should I pull down his boxers too? Harry takes a step back and puts his heels against his bed before sitting down.

I drop to my knees in front of him and he takes a deep breath. "Come closer babe."

I scoot closer and place my hands on his bent knees.

"Are you okay?" He asks carefully.

I nod and he pulls me up by my elbows.

"Let's just kiss for a minute?" He suggests pulls on top of him. I am relieved, I still want to do it, I just need a minute to process and kissing will make me more comfortable.

He kisses me, slowly at first but within seconds the electricity builds and takes over me. I grip his arms, hard under my fingertips and rock back and forth on his lap. The bulge in his thin boxers grows and I tug gently on his hair. I wish I would have worn a skirt so I could lift it up and fell him against me.. I am surprised by my own thoughts as I reach down and palm him through his boxers.

"Fuck Tessa. If you keep doing that I will come in my boxers again." He moans and I stop, climbing off of him I move to get on my knees again.

"Take your jeans off." He instructs and I nod before unbuttoning them and slide them down my legs. Feeling brave, I pull my shirt over my head and toss is aside. Harry takes his lip between his teeth as I move back down in front of him. My fingers grip the waistband of his boxers and tug, he lifts off the bed enough for me to pull them down.

I can feel my eyes widen and hear my own gasp as Harry's manhood came into view. Wow, it is big. Much bigger than I expected. How am I going to even get it into my mouth. I stare for a few seconds until I reach out and touch it with my index finger. Harry chuckles as it moves slightly but bounces right back.

"How.. I mean.. what should I do first?" I stutter. I am intimated by the size of him but I want to do this.

"I'll show you, here.. wrap your fingers like last time." He tells me. My fingers wrap around him and I wiggle them a little. The skin covering him is much softer than I expected. I know I am poking it and examining it like a science project but this is so new to me, it almost feels like one. I grip it lightly and move my hand up and down slowly.

"Like this?" I ask and Harry nods, his chest rising and falling.

"Now.. just put your mouth around it. Not all of it, well if you can.. but just put as much as you can." he instructs. I take a deep breath and lean down. Opening my mouth, I take him in, only about halfway. He hisses and his hands move to my shoulders. I pull back slightly and taste something salty. Is that come already? The taste goes away and I move my head up and down. Some instinct that I wasn't aware of tells me to move my tongue up and down his shaft as I move.

"Holy fuck. Yea, like that." Harry groans and I repeat the action. His grip on my shoulders tightens and his hips rock upwards to meet my mouth. I push myself further, taking almost all of him in and look up at him. His eyes are rolled to the back of his head and he looks heavenly. I turn my focus back to sucking and move a little faster.

"Use your hand on.. on the rest.." he gasps and I oblige. My hand moves up and down on the bottom of him as my mouth works the top. I suck my cheeks in and he groans again.

"Fuck.. fuck. Tessa. I am.. I am so close." he strains. "If you don't want it in your mouth.. then .. you .. have to stop."

I look up at him, keeping him in my mouth. I love the way he is losing control because of me.

"Shit.. keep looking.. at me." His body tenses as he watches me. I bat my eyelashes, giving the full effect. Harry curses my name repeatedly and I feel a slight jerk in my mouth, the warm salty liquid shoots down my throat in short spurts. I gag and pull back. It didn't taste as bad as I thought it would, but it definitely doesn't taste good. His hands move from my shoulders to my cheeks.

"How was it?" He is out of breath. I climb off of my knees and sit next to him on the bed. His arms wrap around me and he lays his head on my shoulder.

"I thought it was nice." I say and he laughs.

"Nice?"

"It was fun, sort of. To see you that way. And it didn't taste as bad as I thought." I confess. I should be embarrassed that I just admitted to liking it but I am not. "How was it for you?" I ask nervously.

"I was pleasantly surprised. It was the best head I have ever gotten." I blush at his words.

"Sure it was." I laugh. I appreciate him trying to make me feel better about my lack of experience.

"No, really. The way you are so.. pure, it does something to me. And fuck, when you looked up at me.."

"Okay! Okay!" I cut him off and wave my hand at him. I don't want to relive every detail of my first time doing this. He chuckles and gently pushes me back against the mattress.

"Now let me make you feel as good as you did me" he growls in my ear and sucks the skin on my neck. His fingers hook into my panties and tug them down. "Do you want my finger or my tongue?" He whispers seductively.

"Both" I answer and he smiles.

"As you wish." he says and dips his head down. I whimper and tug at his hair again. I do that a lot to him, but he seems to like it. "I will try two fingers next time." he says against my sensitive area. My back arches off the bed and within minutes I am in a completely euphoric state, calling Harry's name as I come undone.

He stays quiet as he lays down next to me, letting me enjoy my sedated state. After my breathing slows, I sit up and bring my fingers to trace the dark ink on his chest. He watches me carefully but doesn't stop me.

"No one has ever touched me this way." He admits and I swallow all the questions I want to ask him. Instead of interrogating him, I give him a small smile and a quick kiss on his chest.

"Stay with me tonight?" He asks and I shake my head.

"I can't, tomorrow is Monday and we have classes." I want to stay with him but not on a Sunday.

"Please."

"I don't have any clothes to wear tomorrow."

"Wear those, please stay with me. Just one night, I promise you will make it to your classes on time."

"I don't know.."

"I will even make sure you get there fifteen minutes early and have enough time to stop by the coffee house and meet Liam." he says and my lips part.

"How do you know I do that?"

"I watch you.. I mean not all the time. But I notice you more than you think." he tells me and my heart swells. I am falling for him, hard and fast.

"I will stay." I tell him but hold my hand up to continue, "On one condition."

"What's that?" He smiles.

"Come back to Literature." I ask and he raises his eyebrow.

"Done."

I smile at his simple answer and he pulls me closer to his chest.
