"What did you just say?" Her jaw may as well be on the floor.

"You heard me. This is our apartment as in we both live here." I put my hands on my hips for a more dramatic effect.

"There is no way that you live here. You can't afford a place like this!" She scoffs. It's obvious that she doesn't believe me.

"Would you like to see our lease because I have a copy."

"This whole situation is even worse than I thought. I knew you were being foolish by messing around with that.. that boy. But you are just plain stupid for moving in with him! You don't even know him! You haven't met his parents, aren't you embarrassed to be seen in public with him?" She asks and my anger boils over.

Before I can stop myself I am in her face.

"How dare you come into my home and insult him! I know him better than anyone and he knows me better than you ever could! And I have actually met his family, his father at least. You want to know who is father is? He's the damn chancellor of WSU!" I scream.

I hate throwing Harry's father's title around but this is the type of thing that would jolt her.

Harry comes out of the bedroom with a worried expression. He stands beside me and tries to pull me back from my mother, just like last time.

"Oh great! Here is the man of the hour." She rolls her eyes at Harry.

"His father is not the chancellor." She half laughs.

"Yes he is. Shocked? If you weren't so busy being a judgmental bitch you could have found that out. And don't you dare try to backtrack and be friendly with him now. You don't even deserve to know him. He has been there for me in ways you never were and there is nothing.. I mean nothing! You can do to keep me away from him!" My face is red and soaked with tears but I could care less.

"You do not speak to me that way! You think just because you got yourself a fancy little apartment and put some eyeliner on that you are suddenly a woman? Honey I hate to break it to you but you look like a whore, living with someone at eighteen!" She screams and steps closer. Harry's eyes lower at her in warning but she ignores him.

"You better end this before you lose your virtue Tessa. Just take a look in the mirror then look at him! You two look ridiculous together, you had Noah who was great for you and you threw him out for.. this!" She gestures to Harry.

"Noah has nothing to do with this." I say.

Harry's jaw clenches and I silently beg him not to say anything.

"Noah loves you and I know you love him. Now stop this rebellious charade and come with me, I will get you back into your dorm and Noah will certainly forgive you."

"You are so insane. Honestly mother, listen to yourself! I don't want to come with you, I live here with Harry and I love him. Not Noah. I care for Noah but not in that way. It was only your influence that made me think I loved him because I felt like I should. I am sorry but I love Harry and he loves me."

"Tessa! He doesn't love you, he is only going to stay around until he gets in your pants. Open your eyes little girl!"

Something about the way she just called me "little girl" sends me over the edge.

"He has already gotten into my pants and guess what! He is still around!" I shout. Harry and my mother share the same shocked expression but my mother's turns to disgust while Harry's turns to a sympathetic frown.

"I'll tell you one thing Theresa, when he breaks your heart and you have no where to go.. you better not come to me." She spits.

"Oh trust me I wouldn't. You are just mad because I have someone who actually loves me and you never have and never will. You can't control me anymore I am an adult. Just because you couldn't control dad doesn't give you the right to try to control me!" As soon as the words leave my mouth I regret them. I know bringing my father into this is low, too low. Before I can apologize, I feel her hand connect with my cheek. The shock is more painful than the assault.
Harry steps between us and puts his hand on her shoulder. My face stings and I bite my lip to keep from crying harder.

"If you don't get the fuck out of our apartment I will call the police." He warns her. The calm tone of his voice sends chills down my spine and I notice her shiver, it must do the same to her.

"You wouldn't." She challenges.

"You just put your hands on her, right in front of me and you think I wouldn't call the police on you? If you weren't her mother I would do much worse than that. Now you have five seconds to get out." He says and I stare at my mother with wide eyes and bring my hand to my burning skin.

I don't like the way he threatened her but I want her to leave. After a challenging staring match between the two of them, Harry growls, "Two seconds."

She huffs and heads towards the door, the loud clambering of her heels echoing off of the concrete floor.

"I hope you're happy with your decision Theresa." She says and slams the door.

Harry's arms wrap around me in the most comforting and reassuring embrace and it is exactly what I need right now.

"I'm so sorry baby." He says against my hair.

"I'm sorry that she said those terrible things about you." I apologize.
"Shh. Don't worry about me. People say things about me all the time." He reminds me.

"That doesn't make it okay." I tell him.

"Tessa, please don't worry about me right now. What do you need? Can I do anything for you?" He asks.

"Maybe some ice?" I choke.

"Sure baby." He kisses my forehead and walks to the fridge.

I knew her coming here wouldn't end well but I hadn't expected it to be as bad as it was. On one hand I am beyond proud of myself for standing up to her but at the same time I feel terribly guilty for what I said about my father. I know it wasn't her fault that he left and she has been lonely for the last eight years. She has never even went on a date since him, she dedicated all of her time to me and grooming me into the woman she wanted me to be. She wants me to be just like her and that just isn't me.

I wish she could be happy for me and see how much I love Harry. I know his bad boy image threw her off but if she would just take the time to try to get to know him I believe she would love him as I do. As long as he wasn't rude, which isn't likely. Maybe I am the only person that he will ever let inside, the only one who he reveals his secrets to and the only one he loves and that is fine with me.

Harry pulls the chair out next to me and rubs my cheek with the makeshift ice pack he made. He used a soft kitchen towel and it feels great against my skin.

"I can't believe she smacked me." I say slowly.

"Me either. I thought I was going to lose it." He says and looks into my eyes.

"I thought you were too." I admit and give him a weak smile.

I feel like today has been dragging on for a week, it has been the longest and most draining day of my life.

"I love you too much, or trust me I would have." He smiles back and kisses both of my closed eyelids.

I choose to believe that he wouldn't actually do anything to her, that he is just bluffing. Somehow I know he wouldn't and that makes me love him more. I have come to learn when it comes to me Harry is more bark than bite.

"I really want to go to bed." I tell him and he nods.

"Of course."

Harry holds me tight all night long and whispers how much he loves me before I drift off to sleep. My dreams are clouded by a scared curly haired boy crying out for his mother.

.....

The next morning I am pleased to see that my mothers assault has not left any visible marks. My chest still hurts from the collapse of our already crumbling relationship but I refuse to dwell on that today.

I take a shower and curl my hair before waking Harry up. I pin my hair up so it isn't in my way as i apply my makeup and pull Harry's shirt from yesterday over my head. My stomach grumbles so I pad into the kitchen and decide to make Harry and I breakfast. I want to start the day in the best way I can so we can both remain happy and calm before the wedding. By the time I finish I am pretty proud of the meal I have prepared. The counter is filled with bacon, eggs, toast, pancakes, and even hash browns. I am aware that I made way too much food for the two of us but I don't care. Harry eats an enormous amount of food anyway so there shouldn't be too much left.

"Woah.. what is all this?" He asks in a raspy sleep filled voice.

He walks up behind me and wraps his arms around my waist.

"This is exactly why I wanted to live together." He says into my neck. "Why? So I could make you breakfast?" I laugh.

"No.. well yes. That and waking up to seeing you half dressed in the kitchen." He smirks and nips at my neck. He attempts to lift up the hem of the t-shirt and squeeze the top of my thighs.

"Hands to yourself until after breakfast Styles." I scold him and wave a spatula in his face.

"Yes ma'am." He chuckles and grabs a plate, piling it with food.

After breakfast I force Harry to take a shower despite his efforts to drag me back to the bed. His dark confession and the fight with my mother seem to be forgotten in the morning light. My breath is lost in my chest when Harry walks out of the bedroom in his outfit for the wedding. The black dress pants are snug but hang off of his hips in the most delicious way, the white button up shirt is unbuttoned revealing his toned torso and the tie is hanging around his neck.

"I uhh.. I actually have no idea how to tie a tie." He shrugs.

"I can help you." I choke. My mouth is dry and I can't stop staring at him.

I am thankful that Harry doesn't ask where I learned to tie a tie from because Noah is the last thing I want to talk about today.

"You look so handsome." I tell him when I finish. He shrugs and puts the black jacket on, completing the look.

His cheeks flame and I can't help but giggle. I can tell he feels completely out of his element being dressed this way and it is adorable.

"Why aren't you dressed?" He asks.

"I was waiting until the last minute since my dress is all white." I tell him and he mocks me playfully.

When I get the dress on it is even shorter than I remember but Harry seems to approve. His eyes nearly pop out of his head at the sight of my strapless bra. He always makes me feel so beautiful and wanted.

"As long as all the men there are my father's age we shouldn't have a problem." He smirks and zips my dress. I roll my eyes and he kisses my bare shoulder before I unclip my hair, letting my long curls fall down my shoulders.

"You are absolutely stunning." He tells me and kisses me again.

We scramble around and make sure we have everything we need for the wedding, as I put my phone into a small clutch bag, Harry grabs me by the waist.

"Smile." He says and pulls out his phone.

"I thought you didn't take pictures."

"I told you I would take one, so let's take one." His smile is goofy and youthful and it makes my heart swell.

I smile and lean into Harry as he snaps our picture.

"One more." He instructs and I stick my tongue out at the last moment. He captured it at the right moment, my tongue on his cheek and his eyes wide and full of humor.

"That's my favorite." I tell him.

"There are only two."

"Yea, but still." I kiss him and he snaps another.

"Accident." He lies and I hear him take another as I roll my eyes at him.

Harry stops to get gas close to his father's house so we don't have to get it on the way home. As he is filling up a familiar car pulls in the parking lot. Zayn is driving and Niall is in the front seat. Zayn parks his car two pumps over from Harry's car and gets out to go inside. I gasp when I see his face, his lip is swollen and both his eyes are black and blue. His cheek has a deep purple bruise and he when he notices Harry's car a furious scowl takes over his handsome but damaged face. What the hell? He doesn't say anything at all, or even acknowledge Harry and I. Within seconds Harry climbs back into the car and takes my hand. I look down at our intertwined hands and gasp. My eyes trialing over his busted knuckles.

"You!" I say and he raises his brow.

"You beat him up didn't you? That's who you fought and that's why he just ignored us!"

"Would you calm down?" Harry barks and rolls up my window before pulling out of the lot.

"Harry..."

"Can we please talk about it after the wedding, I am already on edge. Please?" He begs and I nod.

"Fine. After the wedding." I agree and he grabs my hand with his free hand and squeezes gently.
