I rush to Noah's car and my phone vibrates with a text from Liam.

"2875 Cornell Rd." The text reads. I type the address into my phone navigation and pull out of the parking lot. It says I will arrive in fifteen minutes. What could be going on there that Liam could possibly need me to come there. Harry and I aren't even on speaking terms. I hope Harry is okay and not hurt. I couldn't make out what the crashing noise was, it sounded like something breaking. I am still as confused when I arrive at the address as I was when I left my room. Noah has called twice but I ignore it, I need the navigation to stay on the screen and honestly, the confused look on his face when I left him there is haunting me.

The houses on the street are all large, they look like mansions.This house in particular is at least three times larger than my mom's house. It's an old fashioned looking brick house, mansion to me, and the yard is sloped, making it appear to be sitting on a hill. Even under the street lights, it is beautiful. It must be Harry's father's house, that is the only conclusion I can come to on why Liam would be there as well. I take a deep breath and walk up the steps on the sidewalk. When I get to the door I knock hard on the dark mahogany door and it opens within seconds.

"Tessa, thank you for coming. I know you have company. Is Noah with you?" Liam asks and gestures for me to come inside.

"No, he's back at the dorms. What is going on? Where is Harry?"

"He's in the back yard. He is out of control" he sighs.

"And I am here because?" I ask as nicely as I can. What does Harry being out of control have to do with me?

"I don't know, I know you hate him but he is drunk, completely belligerent. He showed up here and opened a bottle of his father's scotch. He drank over half the bottle! And then he started breaking things, all my mother's dishes, 
a glass cabinet, basically everything he could get his hands on"

"What? Why?" Harry told me he doesn't drink.

"His dad just told him that he and my mother are getting married" he tells me as if that explains it.

"Okay? So Harry doesn't want them to get married?" I am still confused. Liam leads me through the large kitchen and I gasp as I take in the huge mess Harry has made. There are broken dishes scattered across the floor and a large wooden cabinet knocked onto it's side with the glass panels missing and broken.

"No, It's a long story. Right after his dad told him they left town for the weekend. Thank god they aren't here but I think that's why Harry came here, to confront his dad. He never comes here" he explains and opens the back door. I see a shadow sitting at a small table on the patio. Harry.

"I don't know what you think I can do, but I will try" I tell Liam and he nods.

He leans down and puts his hand on my shoulder. "He was calling out for you" He tells me quietly and my heart stops. I walk towards Harry and he looks up at me. His eyes are blood shot and his hair is hidden under a gray beanie. His eyes go wide then darken and I want to step back. He looks almost scary under the dim patio light.

"How did you get here?" Harry raises his voice and stands up. "Liam.. he" I answer and wish I wouldn't have told him.

"You fucking called her?" he yells towards Liam and Liam walks back inside, ignoring Harry.

"You leave him alone Harry, he is worried about you" I scold him and he sits back down, gesturing for me to take a seat. I sit across from him and watch as he grabs the nearly empty bottle of dark liquor and puts it to his mouth. I watch his adam's apple move as he gulps it down. When he is finished the bottle slams down onto the glass of the patio table and it makes me jump. I am just glad it didn't break.

"Aww, aren't you two something. You both are so predictable. Poor Harry is upset so you gang up on me and try to make me feel bad for breaking some shitty china" He says with a sick smirk.

"I thought you don't drink?" I ask him and cross my arms.

"I don't. Until now I guess. Don't try to patronize me, you're no better than me" he snaps and takes another swig. I can't deny that being near him, even in his drunken state, breathes life into me. I have missed the feeling Harry gives me.

"I never said I was better than you. What made you drink now?"

"What does It matter to you? Where's your boyfriend?" His eyes blaze into mine and the emotion behind them is so strong that I am forced to look away. If only I knew what that emotion was, hatred I suppose.

"He is back in my room. I just want to help you Harry" I lean a little over the table to reach for his hand but Harry recoils from my touch.

"Help me?" He laughs. I want to ask him why he was calling out for me if he is going to continue to be hateful but I don't want to throw Liam under the bus, again. "If you want to help me then leave"

"Why won't you just tell me what happened to make you break all of their stuff?" I look down at my hands and pick at my fingernails.

He sighs and pulls his beanie off and runs his hand through his hair before pulling it back on. "My father decided to just now tell me that he is marrying Karen and the wedding is next month. He should have told me long ago. I am sure perfect little Liam knew."

Oh. I hadn't actually expected him to tell me so I am not sure what to say. "I am sure he had a good reason not to tell you"

"You don't know him, he doesn't give a shit about me. You know how many times I have talked to him in the last year? Maybe ten! All he cares about is his big house, his new soon to be wife and his new perfect son" Harry slurs and takes another drink.

I stay quiet. "You should see the dump that my mum lives in in England. She says she likes it there but I am sure she doesn't. It is smaller than my dad's bedroom here! My mum practically forced me to come here for university to be closer to him and we see how that worked out" He takes another drink.

With this little bit of information he has given me I feel like I can understand him so much better. His father left him and his mother in England, came here for some reason, and now he is marrying another woman. Harry must be hurt, that is why he is the way he is.

"How old were you when he left?" I ask him and he eyes me warily but answers.

"Ten. But even before he left, he was never around. He was at a different bar every night. Now he's Mr. Perfect and he has all this shit" Harry says and waves his hand towards the house. Harry's dad left him when he was ten, just like mine. And they were both drunks, we have more in common than I thought. This wounded and drunk Harry seems so much younger, so much more fragile.

"I'm sorry that he left you guys but.."

"No, I don't need your pity." he interrupts.

"I am not pitying you, I am just trying to.." "Trying to what?" he cuts me off again.

"Help you. Be here for you" I tell him and he smiles. It's a beautifully haunting smile and I know what is about to happen.

"You are so pathetic. Don't you see that I don't want you here? I don't want you to be here for me. Just because I messed around with you doesn't mean I want anything to do with you, yet here you are leaving your boyfriend who can actually stand to be around you to come here and try to 'help' me. That, Theresa is the definition of pathetic" He says using air quotes. His voice is full of venom, just like I knew it would be.

"You don't mean that" I ignore the pain in my chest as I look at him. I think back to a week ago when he was laughing and tossing me into the water. I can't decide if he is a great actor or a great liar.

"I do though, go home" he tell me and raises the bottle to take another drink. I reach across and snatch it from him and toss it in the yard.

"What the hell?" He yells but I ignore him.

I walk towards the door and he steps in front of me.

"Where are you going?" His face is inches from mine.

"I am going to help Liam clean up the mess you made and then I am going to leave" My voice comes out much calmer than I feel.

"Why would you help him?" The disgust in his voice is clear when he says "him'

"Because he, unlike you, deserves for someone to help him" I say and his face falls. I should be saying much more to Harry, I should scream at him for the hurtful things he just said to me, but I know that is what he wants. This is what he does, he hurts everyone near him and he gets a kick out of it.

He steps out of my way and I go inside. Liam is crouched over picking up the cabinet and Harry stayed outside.

"Where's the broom?" I ask and Liam looks up at me with a smile.
"Right over there" he motions and I find it.

"Thank you for everything" he says and I smile. I begin sweeping up the glass from the smashed dishes. There are so many. I feel terrible or Karen when she comes home to find all of her dishes gone. I hope they didn't have any sentimental value to her.

"Ouch!" I gasp as a small piece of glass digs into my finger. Droplets of blood fall onto the wooden floor and I jump up to reach the sink.

"Are you okay?" Liam asks and I nod.

"Yea, its just a little piece, I don't know why there is so much blood" I tell him. It really doesn't hurt that bad. I close my eyes as the cold water runs over my finger and I hear the back door open. I snap my eyes open to see Harry standing in the doorway.

"Tessa, can I talk to you please?" He asks. I know I should say no but something about the redness around his eyes makes me nod. His eyes look to my hand and then the blood on the floor.

"Are you okay? What happened?" He says and walks towards me.

"It's nothing, just a little glass" I tell him. He was just calling me pathetic, now he is acting concerned about my health? He is going to make me crazy, literally crazy, as in locked in a padded room. He reaches for my hand and pulls it out from under the water. Even when he touches my arm I feel the electricity. He frowns and lets go, walking over to the cabinet.

"Where are the Band-Aid's?" he asks Liam and Liam tells him they are in the bathroom. Within a minute Harry is back with a Band-Aid and he grabs my hand again. He wraps it around my finger gently and I stay quiet. Liam looks as confused as I am by Harry's actions.

"Can I talk to you, please?" He asks again.

"Yea, I guess." I answer. I know I shouldn't but since when do I do what I should when Harry is involved? He wraps his hand around my wrist and leads me outside.
