After Steph plucks my eyebrows, which hurt worse than I ever imagined, she turns me around and refuses to let me see myself until she is done. I fight the nervous feeling in my stomach as she dusts powder over my face. I remind her over and over not to put too much makeup on me and she promises that she won't. She brushes my hair and curls it before spraying my hair and half of the room with hairspray.

"Makeup and hair are done! Let's get you changed then you can see yourself. I have a few things that will fit you" She is obviously proud of her work on me. I am just hopeful that I don't look like a clown. I follow her to the closet and try to sneak a peek in her small mirror but she yanks me away.

"Here, put this on" She says and pulls a black dress off of the hanger.

"Out, you!" She tells Tristan and he laughs but graciously leaves the room.

"I can't wear this!" I tell her. The dress is strapless and looks incredibly short.

"Fine.. how about this one?" She pulls another black dress out. She must have at least ten. This one looks longer than the last, and has two thick straps. The neckline worries me because it is in the shape of a heart and my bust isn't small like hers. I look it over again and she sighs.

"Just try it, please?"

I oblige and take my comfortable pajamas off and fold them into a neat pile. She rolls her eyes at me playfully and I smile while stepping into the dress. I pull it up my body and it feels a little snug before it is even zipped. Steph and I aren't that much different in size but she is taller and I am curvier. The material has a slight shine to it and feels silky. The bottom of the dress reaches half way down my thigh. It isn't as short as I thought it would be, but it is shorter than anything I would ever wear. I feel almost naked with my legs this exposed. My fingers tug at the material to try to pull it down a little.

"Do you want some tights?" She asks and I nod.

"Yea, I just feel so..naked" I laugh. She digs in her drawer and pulls out two different black tights.

"These are plain black, and these have a lace print" she explains and I reach for the plain pair. Lace tights are just too much for me especially given the fact that I probably have ten pounds of makeup on. I slide the tights on my legs while Steph digs through her closet for shoes.

"I can't wear heels" I remind her. I literally can't, I waddle like an injured penguin in them.

"Well, I have low heels or wedges. Tessa, I am sorry but your Toms just won't work with this dress" She says and I scowl at her. I am perfectly fine wearing toms everyday. She pulls out a pair of black heels with silver beading on the front and I have to admit they catch my eye. I could never wear them but for once I wish I could.

"You like these?" She asks and I nod.

"Yea, but I can't pull them off" I tell her and she frowns.

"Yes you can, they strap around your ankle to prevent you from falling"

"Is that what the strap is actually for?" I ask and she laughs.

"No, but it helps with that" she laughs again. "Just try them" she begs and I sit on the bed and stretch my leg out gesturing for her to put them on me.

She helps me stand up and I take a few steps. The straps really do help keep my balance. I am face to face with Steph now, while she is barefoot of course.

"I can't wait any longer! Look at yourself" she smiles and opens the other closet door. I look in the full body mirror and gasp. Who the heck is that? My reflection looks just like me, but a lot better. I was afraid she would go overboard on my makeup but she didn't. My gray eyes look lighter against the chestnut eye shadow and the pink blush on my cheeks makes my cheekbones more prominent. My hair looks shiny and is curled into big waves, not the small stringy curls I was expecting.

"I am impressed" I smile and look closer. I poke my cheek to make sure what I am seeing is real.

"See, you are still you, just a more sexy, well kept you" she giggles and calls for Tristan to join us. He opens the door and his lips part.

"Where is Tessa?" He asks and looks around the room playfully. He picks up a pillow and looks under it.

"What do you think?" I ask and tug the dress down again.

"You look great, really great" he smiles and wraps his arm around Stephs waist. She leans in and I look away.

"One more thing" she says and reaches over to the dresser. She pulls out the wand on a tube of lip-gloss and puckers her lips. I close my eyes and do the same while she rubs the sticky gloss across my lips.

"Ready?" He asks and she nods. I grab my purse and throw a pair of toms inside just incase.

During the drive I sit in the back and stare out the window. When we arrive at the restaurant I cringe at the number of motorcycles outside. I had assumed we would be going somewhere like Fridays or Applebee's not a biker bar and grill.

When we walk inside I feel like everyone is staring at me, even though they probably aren't. Steph grabs ahold of my hand and pulls me along as they walk to a booth in the back.

"Niall is coming, that's okay right?" She asks as we take our seats.

"Yea, of course" I tell her. As long as it's not Harry I don't mind. Besides, some company would be nice because right now I feel like the third wheel.

A woman with even more tattoos than Steph and Tristan strides over to the table and takes our drink order. Steph and Tristan both order a beer. This must be why they like to come here because they can drink underage. The woman raises her eyebrow to me as I order a Coke, but I don't want to drink. I have studying to do when I get back to my room. Minutes later she brings our drinks and I hear a wolf whistle as a group of people walk towards our table. I recognize Niall and Zayn and as they get closer Molly's pink hair comes into view, followed by Harry. I spit the coke back into my cup.

Steph's eyes widen as she lays eyes on Harry and she looks at me. "I swear I didn't know he was coming, I have barely seen him all week, we can leave now if you want" she whispers and Zayn slides in the booth next to me. I have to force myself not to look towards Harry.

"Woa Tessa, you look super hot" Zayn says and I blush. "Really, like wow! I've never seen you like this" he compliments and I thank him quietly. Niall, Harry and Molly sit in the booth behind us. I want to ask Steph to trade me seats so my back will be to Harry but I can't bring myself to. I will just avoid eye contact with him the entire time. I can do it.

"You do look smokin' Tessa" Niall says and I smile at him. I am not used to all this attention. Harry hasn't commented on my new look but I didn't expect him to, I am just glad he isn't insulting me.

Harry and Molly are sitting right in my eye range, I can see Harry's entire face through the space between Steph and Tristan's shoulders. If I just look once, it couldn't hurt. I look at Harry before I can stop myself and instantly regret it. His arm is hooked around Molly's shoulders. Why did I have to look? The pang of jealousy I feel is my punishment for looking at him when I shouldn't be. Of course they are probably messing around again, or still. They probably never stopped. I remember how comfortable she was straddling him at the party and I swallow the bile rising in my throat. Harry is free to do whatever or whoever he pleases.

"She does look great, doesn't she?" Steph asks them and they all nod. I can feel Harry's eyes on me but I can't look at him again. He is wearing a white t- shirt that I am sure his tattoos are visible through but I don't care. I don't care how good he looks or how skanky Molly is dressed. She really could wear a little more clothing. She is irritating with her stupid pink hair and her skanky clothes, she is a slut. I am surprised by my thoughts and anger towards her but its true, I don't like her. I don't think I have actually ever called anyone a slut, even in my head. I almost feel guilty until she calls my name.

"You do look good girl, better than ever before" she says and leans into Harry's chest. I make eye contact with her and fake a smile.

"Mind if I have a sip?" Zayn asks and grabs my cup. I allow him to drink out of my glass, which I usually am against but I am so uncomfortable right now that I can't think straight. He gulps down half of my drink and I nudge him.

"Sorry babe, I will order you another" he smiles. He really is very attractive, he looks more like a model than a college student. If he didn't have so many tattoos he probably would be a model. A noise comes from the other booth and my eyes dart to Harry. He knocked over a salt shaker onto the table and is staring at me with blazing eyes. I want to look away but I cant, I am caught in his gaze as Zayn lifts his arm up and rests it on the back of the booth, directly behind me. Harrys eyes narrow and I decide to have a little fun. I doubt Harry will care but he was pretty adamant about me not hanging out with Zayn before so it may work.
