"Too bad we didn't make it to me being able to remove the dress." Harry breathes into my ear as he pushes me further into the bed. As soon as I slid his t-shirt over my head he practically tackled me onto our bed and slid the condom on faster than I thought possible.

"Mhhmm.." Is the only words I can manage to form as he slides in and out of me. This is the first time we are making love that there is no pain, only pleasure.

"God baby.. you feel so good." He groans and rocks his hips against mine.

My nails rake down his bare back and his eyes roll to the back of his head. I love to see him this way, so out of control, so primal. Watching him pushes me to the limit, my toes curl and my legs stiffen as I moan his name repeatedly.

"That's it baby.. come for me. Show me how good.. fuck.. how good I make you feel." He stutters and I feel him twitch inside of me. He finishes a few seconds before me and continues to move until I am turned into a pool of boneless mush. My body is completely relaxed and he collapses on top of me. We lay in silence just enjoying the feeling of being so close to each other, within minutes soft snores fall from Harry's lips.

..

The next morning I wake up and decide to take another shower just because I can. It is still foreign to be in my own place with my own shower, to make my own coffee in my own kitchen. Sharing all of this with Harry only makes it that much more enjoyable. I decide to wear my navy blue eyelet dress with white heels, I am getting better at wearing them but I still pack my trusty toms in my purse just in case. My hair is curled and pinned back and I even put on a little eye shadow and liner. I am really liking this having my own space thing.

He refuses to wake up when I try to wake him before I leave, only sitting up to kiss me goodbye. I wonder how he manages to work and do all of his schoolwork, I have yet to see him do either. In a brave move, I grab his car keys and take his car to Vance. If he is skipping classes, he surely won't miss it. I have to remember to thank Harry for getting an apartment closer to Vance even though he has to drive further to campus now, I can leave later and not have to drive forty minutes which makes my day much better.

When I reach the top floor Kimberly is standing at the table placing donuts in neat rows.

"Woah Tessa! Look at you!" She playfully whistles.

I flush and she laughs. "Navy is definitely your color." She looks me up and down again. I feel slightly self conscious but her smile soothes my thoughts. I have been feeling much more confident and sexy lately, thanks to Harry.

"Thank you." I smile back and grab a donut and a cup of coffee. The phone rings on her desk and she rushes over to answer it.

When I get to my office I have an email from Christian Vance telling me how excellent my notes were on the first manuscript and looks forward to the next one. I dive right in and get to work.

"Anything good?" Harry's voice startles me out of my work.

"It must be since you didn't seem to notice my arrival." He smiles.

He looks incredible. His hair is pushed up in the front as always but the sides are flatter than usual, and he has a plain white V-neck on. The shirt is tighter than usual making his tattoos even more visible underneath. He is so incredibly hot, and all mine.

"So how was the drive?" He asks with a smirk. "Really nice." I giggle.

"So you think you can just take my car without my permission?" His voice is low and I can't tell if he is joking.

"I..well.." I stammer.

He doesn't say anything he just walks over behind my desk and pulls my chair out. His eyes move from my shoes up to my face and he pulls me to stand up.
"You look so sexy today." He says against my neck before gently pressing his lips against the skin.

"Why.. why are you here?" I shiver.

"You aren't happy to see me?" He smiles and lifts me onto the desk. Oh.

"Yea.. of course I am." I tell him. I am always happy to see him.

"I may have to consider coming back here after all, just so I can do this every day." He says and puts his hands on my thighs.

"Someone could come in here." My breath is shaky.

"Nope, Vance is at a meeting for the rest of the afternoon and Kimberly has agreed to call if she needs you." He explains.

The idea of Harry hinting to Kimberly what we could be doing in here makes my 
cheeks heat but my hormones take over. I glance at the door.

"It's locked." He answers my thoughts.

Without thinking I pull Harry closer to me and immediately put my hand over his crotch, palming him through his jeans. He groans and unbuttons his jeans, yanking them down along with his boxers.

"This is going to be faster than usual, okay baby?" He says and slides my panties over.

I nod with anticipation and lick my lips. He chuckles and pulls me by my hips to the edge of the desk. My lips attack his neck and I hear the foil packet being ripped open.

"Look at you, three months ago you would blush at the mention of sex and now here you are letting me fuck you on your desk." He whispers and slams into me.

Harry clamps his hand over my mouth and takes his bottom lip between his teeth. I can't believe I am actually letting Harry have sex with me on a desk, at my internship, with Kimberly less than a hundred feet away. As much as I hate to admit it, the idea actually drives me crazy. In the best way.

"Are you going.. to be.. quiet.." He says in short spurts and moves even faster. I nod and pant, grabbing onto his biceps so I don't fall off of the desk from his assault.

"You like it this way don't you? Fast and hard?" He says through his teeth. I cover my mouth with my own hand and gently bite down on the skin on my palm to keep quiet.

"Answer me or I will stop." He threatens. I lower my eyes at him and nod, too overwhelmed with sensation to actual speak.

"I knew you would." He says and flips me over so my stomach is on the desk. Oh god.

He thrusts back into me and moves slowly before wrapping my hair around his fist and pulling me up so he can kiss my neck. The tension grows in my stomach and movements grow sloppier and I know we are both close. With his final thrust he kisses me shoulder before pulling out of me and helping me off the desk.

"That was.." I try to say and he silences me by kissing my lips.

"Yea.. it was." He finishes my thoughts before pulling his pants back up. I run my fingers through my hair and wipe under my eyes to make sure my makeup is in place before looking at the clock. It's almost three. The day has escaped me once again.

"You ready?" He asks.

"What? It's only three." I point to the clock.

"Chirstain said you can leave early, I spoke to him an hour ago." He explains.

"Harry! You can't just ask him if I can leave early, this internship is important to me." I whine.

"Babe, relax. He mentioned that he would be out all day and he was the one who brought up you leaving early."

"I don't want anyone to think I am taking advantage of this opportunity."

"No one thinks that. Your GPA and your work speak for themselves." He compliments.

"Wait.. so why didn't you just call me and tell me I could come home?" I raise a brow at him.

"I have wanted to bend you over that desk since your first day here." He gives me a smug smile and grabs my jacket for me.

I want to tell him how crazy he is just to come here to have sex with me on the desk, but I can't deny that I loved it.

"I was thinking we should go get whatever we are going to wear to that dreadful wedding." He says as we walk outside.

"Good idea." I agree. "But I am driving your car back home and we can leave my car then go." I smile and climb into his car before he can protest. He just shakes his head and smiles at me before getting into my car.

After we drop my car off we go to the mall to find something to wear Saturday. Harry whines and complains like a child the entire time and I literally have to force him to get a tie. He ends up getting black dress pants, a black jacket, a white dress shirt, and a black tie. Simple but it is perfect for him. He refuses to try it on so I hope it actually fits him. He would take any excuse not to go to the wedding but I refuse to let that happen.

"The white one." He says and gestures to the short white dress in my hand. The other option is a long black dress. Since Karen mentioned that the color scheme was black and white, I figured I would stick to it. Harry seemed to really like the white dress I wore yesterday so I decide to listen to him. Much to my annoyance Harry pays for my dress and shoes before I realize what he is doing. The young girl smiles and shrugs as if to say "What do you expect me to do."

"I have to do some work tonight so I won't be home for dinner." He tells me as we walk out of the mall.

"Oh. I thought you worked from home?" I ask.

"I do, but I need to go to the library for a little bit." He explains. "I won't be gone too late." He adds.

"I will just go grocery shopping while you are gone." I tell him and he nods.
"Be careful and go before dark." He says.

He makes me a list of things he likes to eat and leaves as soon as we get back to the apartment. I change into jeans and a sweatshirt and go to the grocery store down the street. When I get back home I put away all the groceries, catch up on some homework and make myself something to eat. I put a plate of food in the microwave for Harry to heat up when he gets home and lay on the couch to watch television until he gets home. I text him an hour ago but haven't heard anything back yet. I feel myself falling asleep to an old episode of Friends. I check my phone, its after eleven and Harry still hasn't replied.
