Karen has made lots of sweets for us to eat. I eat a few while Karen and I discuss her love for baking. Liam doesn't join us in the dining room but it doesn't seem to cause any suspicion.

"I love baking as well, I am just no good at it" I tell her and she laughs.

"I would love to teach you, I am quite the baker." she boasts and I smile. Hope is evident in her brown eyes and I nod.

"That would be great" I don't have the heart to say no. I feel for her, she is really trying to make an effort to get to know me. She believes me to be Harry's girlfriend and I can't tell her otherwise. Harry has made no move to tell her or his father either, which gives me a swell of hope. I wish this night was how my life could always be, enjoying spending time with Harry, his eyes constantly meeting mine as I converse with his father and soon to be step-mother. He is being nice, for the last hour at least and his thumb rubs over my knuckles in a gentle gesture that gives me a constant string of butterflies. The rain continues to pour outside and the wind howls..

After we finish the desserts, Harry gets up from the table. I look at him questionably and he leans down to whisper in my ear.

"I will be right back, just going to the loo" he says and I smile. I watch him as he walks away and disappears down the hall.

"We both cannot thank you enough, it is so wonderful having Harry here, even if it's only one dinner" Karen says and Ken takes her hand above the table.

"She is right, it is wonderful as his father to see my only son in love. I had always worried he wouldn't be capable.. he was an .. angry child." Ken mutters and looks at me.

He must notice how I shift uncomfortably in my seat. " I am sorry, I don't mean to make you uncomfortable, we just love to see him happy" Happy? Love? I choke on my breath and break into a heap of coughs, the cool water in my glass slides down my throat, calming it and I look back at them. They think Harry is in love with me? It would be incredibly rude to laugh at them but they obviously don't know Harry.

Before I can respond Harry returns and I thank the heavens that I didn't have to respond to their sweet but false assumptions. He doesn't sit down, instead he stands behind me with his hands on the back of the chair.
"We really should get going, I have to take Tessa back to the dorms" Harry tells them.

"Oh, don't be silly. You two should stay tonight. It is storming outside and we have plenty of room, right Ken?" She turns to her fiancée and he nods.

"Of course, you're both welcome to stay" He says and Harry looks at me. I want to stay. To extend my time with Harry, especially when he is in such a good mood.

"I don't mind" I answer and try to make eye contact with Harry. I don't want to upset him by wanting to stay here any longer. His eyes are unreadable but he doesn't seem to be angry.

"Great! Then it's settled. I will show Tessa to a room, unless you will be staying with Harry in his?" She asks, there is no accusation behind her voice, only kindness.

"No, I would like my own room please. If that is okay?" I ask and Harry glares at me. So he wanted me in his room with him? The thought excites me but I don't feel comfortable with them knowing Harry and I are at that point yet. My snarky subconscious reminds me that we aren't dating at all, or even close to it. I have a boyfriend who is not Harry, I ignore her as usual and follow Karen upstairs. Harry doesn't follow.

She shows me to a room directly across from Harry's. It isn't quite as large as his room but it is decorated just as beautifully. The bed is a little smaller and sits on a white frame against the wall. There are pictures of boats and anchors scattered through the room. I thank her multiple times and she hugs me again before leaving me to my room.

I walk around the room and find myself at the window. The backyard is much bigger than I had thought it was. I have only seen the deck and the trees on the left side. On the right side there is a small building, it looks like a greenhouse but I can't tell through the heavy rain. I will have to ask Harry, if he even knows. He doesn't spend much time here so he may not know.

As I stare at the rain, my thoughts begin to run wild. Today has been the best time I have ever had with Harry, despite his multiple outburst. He has held my hand, which he never does, he put his hand on my back as he walked, and he did his best to comfort me when I was worried about Liam. This is the furthest we have went in our.. friendship or whatever this is. That's the confusing part, I know we can't and never will actually date, but maybe whatever we are doing now will be good enough? I have never imagined being someone's friends with benefits but I know I won't be able to stay away from him. I have tried many times now, and it never works.

A light knock on the door brings me out of my thoughts. I expect to see Karen or Harry when I open but instead I find Liam. His hands are in his pockets and his handsome face holds a small awkward smile.

"Hey" he says and I smile.

"Hey, do you want to come in?" I ask him and he nods.

I walk over and sit on the bed, he pulls the chair out from the small table in the corner and takes a seat.

"I" we both say at the same time and laugh.

"You first" he suggests.

"Okay, I am so sorry that you found out about Harry and I that way, I didn't go out there with that intention. I was just making sure he was okay, this whole dinner with his father was really getting to him and somehow we just ended up.. kissing. I know how terrible it is of me and I know I am horrible for cheating on Noah, but I am just so confused, and I tried to stay away from Harry. I really did." I breath.

"I am not judging you, Tessa. I was just surprised to see you two making out on the deck, I thought when I walked out I would find you yelling at each other." he laughs and continues. "I knew something was up with you too when you had that fight in the middle of Literature and then when you stayed last weekend, and then when he came back and started a fight with me. The signs were all there but I thought you would tell me, but I do understand why you didn't." he says and I feel a huge weight lift off my shoulders.

"You're not mad at me? Or think any different of me?" I ask him and he shakes his head.

"No, of course not. I am worried about you and Harry though. I don't want him to hurt you, and I believe he will. I am sorry for saying that but as your friend I need you to know that he will." he says. I want to get defensive and even angry, but part of me knows he is right, I just hope he isn't.

"So what are you going to do about Noah?" He asks and I groan.

"I have no idea, I am afraid that if I break up with him I will regret it, but what I am doing to him isn't fair. I just need a little time to decide what to do."

He nods.

"I am so relieved that you aren't mad at me" I tell him and he smiles.

"I was being a jerk earlier, I just didn't know what to say. I am sorry."

"Me too, I completely understand." We both stand up and he hugs me. A warm and comforting hug as the door opens.

"Uhm.. am I interrupting something?" Harry's voice travels through the room.

"No, come in." I tell him and he rolls his eyes. I hope he is still in a decent mood.

"I brought you some clothes to sleep in." He tells me. He sits a small pile of clothes on the bed and goes to walk out.

"Thank you, you can stay" I don't want him to leave.

"No, I'm good." he snaps and leaves the room.

"He is so moody!" I whine and plop down on the bed.

Liam chuckles and sits back down. "Yea, moody is one word for what he is" he 
says and we both burst into laughter.

Liam begins to talk about Danielle and how he can't wait for her to come visit next weekend. I almost forgot about the bonfire. Noah is coming. Maybe I should tell him not to. What if this change between Harry and I is all in my head? I feel like something has changed between us today, and he did tell me he wants me more than he has ever wanted anyone. But he didn't exactly say he has feelings for me, only that he wants me. After an hour of Liam and I talking about everything from Tolstoy to the Seattle skyline, he tells me goodnight and retreats to his room leaving me alone to my thoughts and the sound of the rain.

I pick up the clothes Harry brought me to wear. One of his signature black T- shirts is on top of a pair of red and gray plaid pants. I laugh at the idea of Harry actually wearing them, but then I realize he probably never has. They are from the dresser of unworn clothes. I lift the shirt up and it smells like him. He has worn this one, and recently. The smell is intoxicating, minty and indescribable but it is my newly acquired favorite scent in the entire world. A pair of large black socks accompanies the clothes and I remove my tights, dress and bra before putting the clothes on. The pants are much too big but they are very comfortable. I lay down on the bed and pull the blanket up to my chest, my eyes fixate on the celling as I relive the whole day in my mind. I feel myself drifting off to sleep, to dream of green eyes and black t-shirts.

"NO!!" Harry's voice yelling those words, jolts me awake. Am I hearing things?

"Please!" He yells again. I jump out of bed and run across the hall.
