After laying in Harry's arms for a few minutes, I begin to think about my agreement to stay with Harry tonight.

"I don't have my books, or a toothbrush. And I haven't taken a shower." I tell him. He sighs and lifts up, unwrapping himself from me.

"We can get your books in the morning before your first class, or we could even go get them now, as long as you come back with me. You promised." He reminds me with a smile. His lips meet my jaw, trialing kisses up and down. His lips on my skin cause my judgment to cloud, he knows exactly what he is doing.

"And what about my shower?" I remind him.

"You can take one here, down the hall."

"In a frat house? Who knows who will come in."

"One, the door locks and two, I would accompany you obviously." he remarks.

I scowl at his tone but decide to ignore it. "Fine. I would like to take a shower now, before it gets too late."

He nods and stands up and reaches for his jeans. I climb off the bed and do the same, leaving my panties off. I don't like the idea of wearing these clothes again tomorrow but since Harry is going to take me by my room in the morning, I will change then.

"No panties?" He smirks and I roll my eyes.

"Do you have shampoo? I don't even have a hairbrush." I am starting to get anxious thinking of all the things that I don't have with me. "And q-tips? 
Dental floss?" I continue.

"Relax, we have q-tips and floss. We probably even have an extra toothbrush and I know there is a hairbrush or two in there. There are probably even extra panties in every size if you want some." he informs me.

"Panties?" I ask before I realize he means they were left by other girls. "Never mind." I say before he can explain. I hope Harry doesn't have some weird collection of girls panties that he has slept with.

He leads me to the bathroom, I feel more comfortable in here than I imagined, only because I have been in this bathroom quite a few times.

Harry turns on the water and pulls his shirt over his head. "What are you doing?" I ask.

"Taking a shower?"

"Oh, I thought I was taking one first."

"You can take one with me." he says casually.

"Uhm.. no! I won't." I laugh. I can't take a shower with him.

"Why no? Ive already see you, you have seen me. What's the big deal?" He groans.

"I don't know.. I just don't want to." I know he has already seen me naked but taking a shower together just seems so intimate. More intimate even than what we just did.

"Fine. You go first then." his voice has a slight edge to it.

I smile sweetly and ignore his sour tone and undress. His eyes scan my body and then look away. My hand reaches behind the curtain to check the temperature of the water and I step in.

Harry stays silent while I wet my hair. Too silent. "Harry?" I call. Did he leave the bathroom?

"Yea?"

"I thought maybe you left." I admit. He pulls back the curtain a little and pops his curly head in.

"Nope, still here."

"Is something wrong?" I ask him. He shakes his head in response but doesn't say anything. Is he really pouting like a child because I won't take a shower with him? I almost want to tell him to join me, but I want him to get the point that he can't just get his way all the time. His head disappears from the shower and I hear him sit down on the toilet.

The shampoo and body wash are both strong musky scents, I miss my vanilla shampoo but this is fine for one night. It probably would have made more sense for Harry to stay with me in my room, but Steph would be in there and it would be awkward to explain everything and I don't imagine Harry would be as affectionate if she was around. The thought bothers me but I push it back.

"Could you hand me a towel?" I ask him and shut off the water. "Or two, if you have enough." I like to have one for my hair and one for my body.

His hand pushes through the curtain holding two towels, I thank him and he mutters something that I don't understand.

He pulls his jeans down as I dry off and turns the water back on. I can't help but stare at his naked body as he gets into the shower. I should have taken one with him, not because he is pouting, but because I really want to.

"I'm going to go back to your room." I tell him. He is ignoring me anyway.
He jerks the curtain back, causing the rings to scrape against the rod. "No, you're not."

"What is your problem?" I snap. He is annoying me now.

"Nothing, you're just not going back by yourself. There are thirty guys living here, you don't need to be wandering the halls."

"There is something else, you have been pouting since I said you couldn't take a shower with me."

"No..I haven't."

"Tell me why or I will go out there in this towel." I threaten, knowing I would never actually do it. His eyes narrow and he reaches out for my arm to stop me, splashing water on the floor.

"I just don't like being told no." His voice is low but much softer than it was moments ago.

I imagine that when it comes to girls Harry hardly, if ever, hears the word no. My mind tells me to tell him to get used to it, but I haven't told him no until this point either. As soon as he touches me, I do whatever he wants.

"Well, I am not like the other girls Harry." I snap. My jealousy surpassing my annoyance towards him.

A small smile plays on his lips as the water runs over his face. "I know, Tess. I know." He closes the curtain and I pull my clothes on and he turns the water off.

"You can wear some of my clothes to bed." He tells me and I nod. I barely hear him because I am too focused on his glistening body in front of me. He rubs the towel against his hair, leaving it sticking up all over his head, then wraps the towel around his waist. The white towel hangs so low on his hips, he looks like pure sex. It feels like the temperature in the bathroom has raised twenty degrees. He bends down and opens the cabinet, pulling out a hairbrush and places it into my hand.

"Come." he says and I shake my head, trying to clear the dirty thoughts from my mind. We walk down the hall and turn the corner as a tall blonde guy almost runs into me.. I look up at his face and my bones chill.

"Haven't seen you in a while." he purrs and I feel nauseous.

"Harry." I squeak and he turns around, it takes him only a moment to remember this is the same guy who tried to make a move on me before.

"Get away from her Neil." he snaps and Neil pales. He must not have seen Harry before he turned the corner.

"My bad Styles" Neil says and walks away.

"Thanks" I whisper to Harry. He wraps his hand over mine and unlocks his door.

"I should just beat the shit out of him, yea?" Harry says as I take a seat on the bed.

"No! You shouldn't." I beg. I can't tell if he is serious but I don't want to find out. He grabs the remote off his dresser and switches the television on before opening the drawer and tossing me a t-shirt and a pair of boxers.

I remove my jeans and pull the boxers on, rolling them a few times at the top.

"Could I maybe wear the shirt you wore today?" I don't realize how weird it sounds until the words are out.

"What?" He grins.

"I.. well.. never mind. I don't know what I was saying." I lie. I want to wear your dirty shirt because it smells good? That sounds strange and crazy. He chuckles and picks the shirt off the floor and walks over to me.

"Here babe" He says and hands me the used shirt. I am glad he didn't embarrass me further, but I still feel a little silly.

"Thanks" I chirp and pull my purple shirt off and remove my bra, replacing them with his shirt. It smells just as amazing as I knew it would. his eyes soften as he looks at me.

"You are beautiful" he says and looks away. I get the feeling he didn't mean to say the words out loud, which makes my heart swell even more. I smile at him and take a step towards him.

"So are you." I compliment and his cheeks flush.

"Enough of that" he laughs. "What time do you need up in the morning?" He asks and sits on the bed, browsing through the channels.

"Five, but I will set my own alarm"

"Five? Five in the morning? Your first class at what, nine? Why do you get up so early?"

"I don't know, just to be prepared I guess?" I rake the hairbrush through my hair.

"Well lets get up at seven, my body doesn't function before seven" he tells me and I groan. Harry and I are so different.

"Six thirty?" I try to compromise.

"Fine, six thirty." he agrees.

We spend the rest of the evening watching random television shows before Harry falls asleep with his head on my lap, my fingers running through his hair. I slide down and lay next to him, trying not to wake him.

"Tess?" He groans and his hands move in front of him as if he is reaching for me.

"Here" I whisper from behind him, he turns to his other side and wraps his arm around me before falling back to sleep. He says that he sleeps better when I am around, that is true for me as well.

..

The next morning, my alarm goes off at six thirty and I rush around to try to put yesterday's clothes on and get Harry up and dressed. He is so hard to wake up. I feel flustered and unprepared but we make it to my room by 7:15, giving me plenty of time to change and brush my hair and teeth again. Steph sleeps through us being there and I prevent Harry from pouring a glass of water on her head to wake her. Harry doesn't make any rude comments as I pull on one of my long skirts and a plain blue shirt.

"See, it's only eight, we have twenty minutes before we have to leave to walk to the coffee house." Harry brags.

"We?"

"Yea, I thought I would walk with you? If not, that's cool too" He says and looks away.

"Yea, of course its fine." I am just not used to whatever this is that has changed between us. It will be nice to not have to avoid Harry, or worry about running into him. What will Liam think? Will we even tell Liam? "What should we do with our twenty minutes?" I smile.

"I have a few ideas." His lips turn to a smirk and he pulls me onto him.

"Steph is here." I remind him as he sucks the skin under my ear.

"I know, we are only kissing." He laughs and presses his lips to mine.
We leave before Steph wakes and Harry offers to carry my bag which is a nice but unexpected gesture.

"Where are your books?" I ask him.

"I don't bring them, I just borrow one everyday, in every class. Prevents me from having to carry one of these." he says and gestures to my bag on his shoulder. I roll my eyes and laugh at him.

When we reach the coffee house Liam is leaning against the brick and seems surprised to see Harry and I together. I give him an "I will explain everything later" look and he smiles.

"Well, I better get going, I have classes to sleep through." Harry says and I nod. I am not sure if I should hug him? He drops my bag and hooks his arm around my waist, pulling him to his chest before kissing me. I didn't see this coming. I kiss him back and he releases me.

"See you later" he grins and looks at Liam. This couldn't be more awkward. Liam's jaw is practically on the floor and I am embarrassed by Harry's bold move.

"Uhmm.. sorry about that." I don't really care for public displays of affection usually. Noah and I have never done anything like that, expect when I tried to kiss him at the mall to get Harry off my mind. "I have a lot to tell you." I flush and Liam picks up my bag.
