When I get back to my car after the best first day possible, I call Harry but he doesn't answer. I want to tell him about how great my morning has been and ask him why he didn't tell me that he has a job or worked at Vance.

By the time I get back to campus it is only one, I basically have the whole day to do nothing. I could go to my classes but I am already getting the credit for them and I was supposed to beat my internship until five. I end up going to the mall and walking around, after walking in and out of almost every store, I go inside Nordstrom. I guess I could use a few more outfits for my internship. The memory of Harry and I in the mirror this morning flashes in my mind, I could also use some new panties and bras. My undergarments are so plain and I have had them a while, Harry doesn't seem to mind but I would love to see his face if I took my shirt off and had a bra that wasn't plain old black or white. I pick through the racks and find a few matching bra and panty sets. My favorite one is carnation pink and made almost completely from lace. Pulling it off of the rack alone makes me blush, but I really like it. A woman with curly hair and way too much red lipstick walks over to try to help me.

"Here, what about this one?" She says and holds up something that resembles a hot pink bundle of strings on a hanger.

"Uhmm.. not really my style." I tell her and look at the ground.

"I see you prefer the full underwear?" She asks. Why must she discuss my underwear choices? This could not be more humiliating.

"You should try the boy short style, its sexy without being too sexy." She says and holds up the same light pink set I am holding, only the panties are made differently. Boy shorts. I never cared too much about my panties because no one has seen them, who knew this would be so humiliating and complicated.

"Okay." I give in and she pulls a few more off the rack, all white, black, and a red set. The red is a little shocking to me but I have to admit it is intriguing. The black and white even look more exotic than my usual choices because they are made of lace.

"Just try them, they are all the exact same style." She smiles. I nod and grab them from her, hoping that if I walk away she won't follow me. I am relieved that she doesn't. I find a few dresses as well and a pair of comfortable dress shoes. I have to ask the cashier to repeat my total three times before I finally pay. Fancy underwear is much more expensive than I thought. Harry better like it.

When I get back to my room Steph isn't there and I haven't heard from Harry so I decide to take a nap. My new clothes are put away and I shut off the light off.

I wake up to a phone ringing, it's an unfamiliar tune. Harry. I roll over and open my eyes. Sure enough Harry is sitting on the chair with his feet up on Steph's dresser.

"Have a nice nap?" He asks with a smile.

"Yea, actually. How did you get in here?" I rub my eyes. "I got my key back from Steph." He answers.

"Oh. How long have you been here?"

"About thirty minutes. How was your day at Vance? I didn't think you would be back already, its only six. But here you are passed out, snoring away so it must have been a long day." He laughs.

I prop myself up on my elbow and look at him. "It was great. I got my own office, I can't believe it. I have a desk and a bookcase! And my name is on the wall, it's wonderful. I will be making a lot more money than I thought and I get to read manuscripts, how perfect is that? I am just afraid that I will mess it up somehow because it is so perfect. You know?" I ramble.

"Woah, Vance must like you." He raises a brow. "But you will do fine, don't worry."

"He said you worked there." I tell him. "Of course he did."

"Why didn't you tell me? Or that you have a job now? When do you even have time to work?"

"You always have so many questions." He runs his hands through his hair.

"But I will answer them." He adds. "I didn't tell you because, well I don't know why actually. And I make time to work, whenever I am not with you I find the time."

"Oh, Mr. Vance said he wants you to work for him again." I sit cross legged and face him.

"I am sure he does but no thanks. I make three times as much as I did there 
and have less work." He brags and I roll my eyes.

"Tell me about your job. What exactly do you do?"

"Read manuscripts, edit them. Same thing you will do but more detailed." He shrugs.

"Oh, do you like it?"

"Yes, Tessa. I do." His tone is a little harsh.

"That's good. Do you want to work for Portland Independent when you graduate?"

"I don't know what I want to do." He rolls his eyes.

"Did I say something?" I ask.

"No, you just ask too many questions all the time."

"What?" Is he being sarcastic or serious?

"You don't need to know every detail about my life." He snaps.

"I am just making conversation, having a causal discussion about what you do for a job." I defend. "Those are just normal things that we should be able to talk about so sorry for taking an interest in your everyday life."

He doesn't say anything. What the hell is his problem? I had an amazing day and the last thing I want to do is fight with him. I direct my attention to the ceiling and stay quiet as well. There are ninety five panels on my ceiling, and forty screws holding them up.

"I need to take a shower." I finally say.

"So go then." He huffs.

I roll my eyes and grab my toiletry bag. "You know, I thought we were past this, the whole you being an asshole for no reason thing?" I say and walk out of the room.

I take my time in the shower, shaving and re-shaving my legs for the dress that I bought to wear tomorrow for my first real day at Vance. I am beyond nervous, but my excitement tops my nerves. I really wish Harry wasn't being so rude. All I did was ask him about a job that he didn't tell me about, I should be able to talk to him about that. I feel like there is so much about him that I don't know and that makes me very uncomfortable.

When I get back to my room it is empty.
