Harry leaves shortly after him and Mr. Vance bicker about a football game. I apologize to him for having a visitor but he brushes it off, telling me that Harry is like family and he is welcome to come by anytime. Visions of Harry making love to me on the desk take over my imagination and Mr. Vance has to repeat what he said three times before I come back to reality.

I go back to reading the manuscript, I am so into it that I don't realize it is after five when I check the time again. I am an hour late to leave and I have a missed call from Harry. When I get to my car I call him back but he doesn't answer. When I get to my room, I am surprised to see Steph on her bed. I almost forgot she lives here too, she is never here.

"Long time no see." I joke and sit down my purse before pulling off my heels.

"Yea.." She says and sniffles.

"Are you okay? What happened?' I sit on her bed with her.

"I think Tristan and I broke up." She sobs. It is a strange sight to see Steph crying, she is usually so strong and sassy.

"Why? What do you mean you think?" I ask and put my hand on her back to comfort her.

"Well, we got in a fight and I broke up with him but I didn't mean it. I don't know why I did it, I was just pissed because he was sitting with her and I know how she is."

"Who?" I ask, even though I somehow know who she is talking about.

"Molly. You should have seen how she was flirting with him and hanging on his every word."

"But she knows you two are together, isn't she your friend?"

"She doesn't care about that, she will do anything to get male attention." She says and wipes her eyes. My already strong dislike of Molly has grown even more as I watch Steph cry.

"I don't think Tristan would go for her, I see the way he looks at you. He really cares about you. I think you should call him and apologize." I suggest.

"What if he is with her?"

"He's not." I assure her. I really don't see Tristan running off with the pink haired snake.

"How do you know? Sometimes you think you know people but you don't." She says and looks into my eyes. "H.." She is cut off by the door opening.

"Hey.." Harry says as he takes in the scene in front of him. "Uhmm... should I come back?" He shifts uncomfortably. Harry isn't the type to comfort a crying girl. Friend or not.

"No, I am going to go find Tristan and try to apologize." She stands. "Thank you Tessa." She hugs me and looks at Harry. They exchange awkward glances before she exits the room.

"Are you hungry?" He asks after kissing me hello.

"Yea actually I am." I tell him. I should do some homework for the classes I still have but I am ahead anyway. I really have no idea how or when Harry actually works.

"I was thinking after we get something to eat, you could call Karen or Liam and see what I should wear to the .. you know. the wedding." The mention of Liam's name tugs at my heart. I haven't talked to him in a few days and I miss him. I want to tell him about my internship and maybe even about Harry and I. I haven't decided that yet, but I still want to talk to him.

"Yea, I will call Liam. I am excited for the wedding." I tell him. I need to get something to wear to the wedding as well.

"Yea, me too. I am so thrilled. Could I be more excited?" He rolls his eyes and I laugh.

"Well, I am glad you are going. It means a lot to your father and Karen." I praise and he shakes his head.

He has came a long way in the few short months that I have known him.

"Yea.. yea. Let's go eat." He grumbles and grabs my jacket off the chair.

"Let me change first, geez." I groan. I feel his eyes on me as I undress and grab jeans and a WSU sweatshirt out of my dresser and put them on quickly.

"You look adorable, sexy office woman by day and cute college girl by night." He teases. My stomach flutters at his words and I lean up on my toes to kiss his cheek.

We decide to go to the mall and eat before we shop for what to wear. I call Liam as we sit down and he tells me that he will ask his mother what Harry should wear and call me back.

"We can find your outfit first I guess?" He suggests. "I don't know what to wear either." I laugh.

"Well you have the luxury of looking beautiful regardless of what you wear." He says.

"That is not true, you definetly pull off that 'I don't give a crap how I look but I look flawless' look."

"I do, don't I?" He gives me a cocky smirk and I roll my eyes.

"It's Liam." I tell him and answer my ringing phone.

"Hey, so she said it would be best if you wear white, and at least try to get Harry in dress pants and a tie. I don't think they are expecting much from Harry." He laughs.

"Okay, well I will do my best to get him in a tie."

"Good luck. How is your internship going?"

"It's good, well great actually. It's a dream come true, I can't believe it. I have my own office and I basically get paid to read all day. It's perfect. How are classes? I miss literature."

Harry's face turn into a frown and I follow his eyes to the middle of the food court. Zayn, Louis, and a guy that I have never met before are walking toward us. Zayn gives me a friendly wave and I smile before thinking about it. Harry glares at me and stands up from the table.

"I'll be right back." He says and walks away from me. I try to continue my conversation with Liam and watch Harry at the same time.
"Yea, literature isn't the same without you but I am so happy for you. At least Harry hasn't been in class so I don't have to deal with him." Liam says.

"What do you mean he hasn't been in class? Well besides today? He was there yesterday. Right?"

"No, I figured he dropped again since you left and he obviously can't be more than ten feet away from you at all times." He teases and my heart warms.

I look over at Harry who has his back to me and his shoulders seem stiff from here. The guy who I don't recognize has a slick smile on his face and Zayn is shaking his head. Louis seems uninterested in them and focuses on checking out a group of girls walking by. Harry takes a step towards the guy and I cant tell if they are messing around or not.

"I'm so sorry Liam but I will call you back." I say and hang up. I leave Harry and I's trays on the table and hope no one messes with the remainder of our food.

"Hey Tessa, how are you?" Zayn asks and moves forward to hug me. I feel myself flush and politely hug him back. I know better than to look up at Harry when our embrace ends. Zayn's hair is sticking straight up in the front in a very hot, messy way. He is wearing all black and his leather jacket has patches all over the front and back.

"Harry aren't you going to introduce her?" The stranger says. He smiles and it gives me chills, I can tell he is not a nice guy.

"Uhm, yea. This is my friend Tessa, Tessa this is Jace." Harry waves between us.

Friend? I feel like I have just been kicked in the stomach. I try my best to hide my humiliation and smile.

"Do you go to WSU?" I ask. My voice is much more composed than I feel inside.

"Hell no, I don't do the college thing." He chuckles coolly. "But if all the girls there looked like you, I would be reconsider."

I gulp and wait for Harry to say something. Oh right, I am his friend. Why would he? I stay silent and wish I would have just stayed at the table.

"We are going to the docks tonight, you two should make an appearance." Zayn says.

"We can't. Maybe next time." Harry says. I think about saying I can, but I am too pissed off to speak.

"Why not?" Jace asks.

"She has to work tomorrow, I suppose I can drop by later. Alone." He adds. "That's too bad." Jace smiles at me.

Harry clenches his jaw and looks at him. I feel like I am missing something. Who is this guy anyway? His sandy blonde hair falls over his eyes and he shakes his head to move it.

"Yea, I'll hit you up later when I am on my way." Harry says and I stalk away.

I hear Harry's boots stomping behind me but I keep walking. He doesn't call my name, I am sure he doesn't want his friends to think anything but he keeps following me. I walk faster and dip into Macy's and turn a sharp corner, hoping to lose him. With no such luck, he grabs my elbow and turns me to face him.

"What is wrong?" His annoyance is obvious.

"Oh I don't know Harry!" I shout. An elderly woman looks at me and I give her an apologetic smile.

"Me either! You are the one who just hugged Zayn!" He yells. We are already attracting an audience but I am fuming so I don't care at the moment.

"Are you embarrassed of me or something? I mean I get it, I am not exactly the cool girl but I thought.."

"What? No! Of course I'm not embarrassed of you. Are you crazy?" He huffs. I feel crazy at the moment.

"Why did you introduce me as your friend? You keep talking about living together and then you tell them we are friends? What are you going to do, hide me? Not tell anyone? I won't be anyone's secret. If I am not good enough for your friends to know we are together then I don't want to be." I turn on my heel and walk away after my speech. 

"Tessa! Damn it.." He says and follows me through the store. I reach the dressing rooms and glance at them.

"I will follow you." He says reading my thoughts.

"Take me home. Now." I demand and head towards the exit of the store. I stay quiet and at least ten feet ahead of Harry as we walk out of the mall and to his car. He moves to open the door for me but backs away when I glare at him. If I were him I would keep my distance.

I stare out the window and think of all the terrible things I could say to him but I don't. I am mostly embarrassed that he feels like he can't tell people we are together. I know I am not like his friends and they probably all think I am a loser or not cool enough but that shouldn't matter to him. I find myself wondering if Zayn would hide our relationship from his friends, and I can't help but think that he wouldn't. Come to think of it Harry has never actually called me his girlfriend. I probably should have waited to sleep with him until he at least confirmed we are dating.

"Are you done throwing a fit?" He asks as we pull onto the highway.

"A fit? You aren't serious!" My voice fills his small car.

"I don't know why it is such a big deal to you that I called you my friend, that's not what I meant. I was just caught off guard." He lies. I can tell he is lying by the way his eyes dart away from mine. He could have easily introduced me as his girlfriend.

"If you are embarrassed of me then I don't want to see you anymore." I say. I dig my nails into my leg to keep from crying.

"Don't say that to me." He runs his hand over his hair and takes a deep breath. "Tessa, why do you assume I am embarrassed of you? That is just fucking ridiculous." He growls.

"Have fun at your party tonight."

"I am not going, I just said that so Jace would lay off." Harry says.

"If you aren't embarrassed of me then take me to the party." I say. I know it's a terrible idea but I want to prove my point.

"Absolutely fucking not." He says through his teeth.

"Exactly." I snap.

"I am not taking you there because Jace is a dick for one. Two, it is not the kind of place you should be."

"Why not? I can handle myself." I remind him.

"Jace and his friends are way out your league Tessa, hell they are even out of my league. They are all stoners and scum."

"Then why are you friends with him?" I roll my eyes.

"There is a big difference in being friendly and friends."

"Well why would Zayn hang out with him then?"

"I don't know, Jace isn't one of those guys that you say no to." He explains.

"So you're afraid of him. That's why you didn't say anything when he came onto me." I point out. Jace must be really bad if Harry is afraid of him.

Harry surprises me by laughing. "I am not afraid of him, I just don't want to provoke him. He likes games and if I provoked him with you he would turn you into a game." His knuckles turn white from his grip on the steering wheel.

"Well good thing we are just friends." I say and look out the window at the beautiful view of the city passing by. I know I am acting childish but I can't help it. I am not perfect, I am emotional and pissed off.

"Tessa.. just stop." He begs.

"Harry you really hurt my feelings by calling me your friend." I admit. Now that I know how big of a creep Jace is I am a little more understanding why he did it but that doesn't make it hurt less.

"I know, I am sorry baby. I swear to you I didn't mean it that way." He says and puts his hand on my thigh. I almost push his hand off but I decide against it.

"Can I come inside?" He asks as he pulls into the parking lot of my dorm.

"I guess." I groan dramatically and get out of the car.
