I am beyond annoyed at Harry's unnecessary attitude but I hadn't expected him to leave and now that he did I wish I would have made him talk to me about what was bothering him. I am just as stubborn as he is sometimes. I brush the tangles out of my wet hair and put on the light pink lingerie I bought today. I slip a t-shirt over my head and look over my stuff for tomorrow. All I can think about is where he went, I know it I obsessive and a little crazy but I can't help it. I hope he isn't with Molly.

While deciding whether or not to call Harry, I receive a text message from Steph saying that she won't be back to the room tonight. She might as well move in with Tristan and Niall, she stays there five nights a week and Tristan absolutely adores her. He probably told her about his job on their second date and he probably wouldn't snap at her and leave for no reason. "Lucky Steph." I say to myself and grab the remote for her television, my fingers press the buttons absentmindedly and I settle on a rerun of Friends that I have seen at least one hundred times. I can't remember the last time I just watched television, usually my time is spent with Harry, studying, or reading. It is nice to just lay in bed and watch a simple comedy, to escape from the pointless fight with Harry.

After a few episodes, I feel my eyes getting heavy. In my sleepy state my anger momentarily disappears and I text Harry goodnight, he doesn't reply before sleep overtakes me.

"Shit." A loud thud wakes me up. I jolt up and turn on the lamp to find a stumbling Harry trying to navigate the dark room.

"What are you doing?" I ask him. When he looks up at me his eyes are red and glossy. He is drunk. Great.

"I came here to see you." He says and plops down in the chair.

"Why?" I whine. I want him here but not drunk and at two in the morning.

"Because I missed you."

"Then why did you leave?"

"Because you were annoying me." Ouch.

"I'm going back to bed, you're drunk and you're obviously going to be mean again.

"I'm not being mean Tessa. And I am not drunk, okay I am but so what?"

"I don't care that you are drunk but it's a school night and I need my sleep." I would stay up all night with him if I knew he wouldn't say hurtful things to me the entire time.

"It's a school night." He mocks me.

"Could you be more of a square?" He laughs.

"You should just go." I say and lay back down. I turn to face the wall. I don't like this Harry, I want my semi-sweet Harry back. Not this drunk jerk stumbling into my room at two in the morning.

"Aww baby, don't me mad at me." He says but I ignore him. "Do you really want me to go? You know what happens when I sleep without you." He almost whispers.

My heart sinks. I do know what happens when he sleeps without me but it's not fair for him to use that against me when he is drunk and taunting me.

"Fine. You can stay but I am going to bed."

"Why? You don't want to hang out with me?"

"You are drunk and being mean." I finally turn back around to face him.

"I'm not being mean, all I said was you were being annoying." His expression is neutral.

"That's sort of mean to say to someone. Especially when all I did was ask you about your job."

"Oh god, not this again. Come on Tessa, just drop it. I don't want to talk about that right now." His voice is whiney and he slurs his words.

"Why did you drink tonight?" I don't mind if he drinks, I am not his mother and he is an adult. The thing that bothers me is that every time he drinks there is a reason behind it. He doesn't just drink for fun.

He looks away from me and towards the door as if planning an exit route. "I.. I don't know I just felt like having a drink.. well drinks. Can you please stop being mad at me? I love you." He says and brings his eyes to meet mine.
His simple words dissolve most of my anger and I find myself wanting his arms around me.

"I'm not mad at you, I just don't want to backtrack in our relationship. I don't like when you turn on me for no reason then you just left. If you're mad about something I want you to talk to me about it."

"You just don't like to not have control over everything." He says. "Excuse me?"

"You're a control freak." He shrugs as if it's a known fact.

"No I am not. I just like things a certain way."

"Yea, your way."

"So we aren't done fighting then? Anything else you want to throw in there while you're are it?" I snap.

"Nope, just that you're a control freak and I really want you to move in with me." He says. What?

His moods literally give me whiplash.

"You should move in with me, I found an apartment today. I haven't signed anything yet but it's a nice place."

"When?" It is hard to keep up with the five personalities of Harry Styles. 

"After I left here."

"Before you got drunk?" I ask. He rolls his eyes. The light from the lamp hits the metal of his eyebrow ring, I ignore how attractive that is.

"Yes, before I got drunk. So what do you say? Are you going to move in with me?"

"I know you are new at this dating thing, but people don't usually insult their girlfriend and ask them to move in with them in the same sentence." I tell him, chewing my bottom lip to suppress my smile.

"Well sometimes the said girlfriend needs to lighten up." He grins. Even when he is drunk he is charming as hell.

"Well then, said boyfriend needs to stop being a jerk." I retaliate. He laughs and moves from the chair over to my bed.

"I am trying not to be a jerk, I really am. Sometimes I can't help it." He sits on the edge of the bed.

"I know." I sigh. Regardless of this episode tonight he really has been trying to be nicer to me, being a jerk comes naturally to him. I don't want to make excuses for him but he has done much better than I expected.

"So you will move in with me?" He smiles.

"Jesus, let's take this one step at a time. I will stop being mad at you for now." I tell him and sit up.

"Now come to bed with me." I instruct. He nods and stands up to pull his jeans off. When he removes his shirt he hands it to me. I love that he wants me to wear his dirty shirts as much as I want to.

"Put your jeans on the dresser please." I ask and he raises his eyebrow at me as if to say "See, control freak."

As he turns around I pull my t-shirt off and slip his over my head.

"Fuck." He blurts out and I look up. "What are you wearing?" His eyes are dark and wide.

"I.. I got some new underwear today." I flush and look away.

"I see that. Take the shirt off." He demands. With shaky fingers I lift the shirt back off and sit it on the bed.

"Fuck." He repeats again.

"You already said that." I giggle. The light in Harry's eyes is blazing, for me and it makes my skin tingle.

"You look incredible." He gulps. "You always do, but this is just.." With a dry mouth I look down to his boxers straining against his growing bulge. The energy between us has changed for the fifth time tonight.

"I was going to tell you show you earlier but you were too busy being a jerk."

"Mhmm." He says, clearly not paying attention to what I am saying. He places his knee on the bed and looks my body up and down again before climbing on top of me.

His lips taste like whiskey and mint, the combination is heavenly. Our kisses are soft and teasing, coming together and drifting apart, his tongue playfully gliding over mine. His hand wraps into my hair and I can feel his erection press against my stomach as he brings his body closer to me. He lets go of my hair to hold himself up on his elbow as he uses his other hand to touch me. His long fingers run along the undersides of my lace bra, dipping down inside of it and back out. He licks his lips as he cups me with his large palms, rubbing up and down.

"I can't decide if I want this to stay on.." He breathes. I could care less, I am too mesmerized by his graceful fingers on my skin.

"Off it is." He says and unclasps my bra, I arch my back for him to pull it off and he groans as his crotch presses against mine.

"What do you want to do, Tess?" His voice is shaky and uncontrolled.

"I already told you." I say as he pushes my panties to the side. I wish he wouldn't have drank tonight but maybe his half drunken state will make me seem less awkward.

I cry out as his fingers enter me and wrap one of my arms around him under his arm. I reach between us with my other hand to palm him. He groans and I squeeze gently and continue to rub him.

"You're sure?" He pants. I can see the uncertainty in his clear green eyes.

"Yes, I am sure. Stop overthinking it." Boy have the tables turned when I am the one saying this to him.

"I love you. You know that don't you?" He asks.

"Yes." I say and press my lips against his. "I love you Harry." I say in his mouth.

His fingers continue pumping in and out slowly and his mouth moves to my neck. He sucks the skin harshly, then slides his tongue over the aching skin to soothe it. He repeats this over and over, my entire body is on fire.

"Harry.. I am.." I try to say and he quickly pulls his hand from me. He kisses me as I whimper.

He sits up and his fingers hook around my panties, pulling them down my legs. He places both of his hands on my thighs and squeezes gently before kissing down my stomach and blowing on my wetness. My body involuntarily lifts off the bed and his tongue moves up and down while he wraps his arms around my thighs, keeping them apart. Within seconds my legs begin to shake and I grip the sheets and he continues lapping his tongue around me.

"Tell me how good it feels." He says against me.

Strangled sounds escape my lips as I try to tell him how he makes me feel. He continues to say dirty things, licking me between them, forming a delicious pattern as my body shakes and my toes curl.

When I regain consciousness he brings his mouth back up to mine, a strange taste on his lips. My chest is heaving and my breath staggered.
"Are you.." He begins.

"Shh.. Yes, I am sure." I tell him and kiss him, hard. My hands claw at his back before pulling his boxers down below his hips. He sighs as the restriction disappears and we both moan as our skin touches.

"Tessa, I.."

"Shh.." I tell him again. I want this more than anything and I don't want him to keep talking.

"But Tessa, I need to tell you something.."

"Shh. Harry, please stop talking." I beg and kiss him again. I grab his erection and move my hand up and down. His eyes close and he sucks in a sharp breath. Instinct takes over my actions and my thumb brushes over the tip of him, I wipe away the dampness there and feel him pulse in my hand.

"I'm going to come if you do that again." He gasps.

He leans up and climbs off the bed. Before I can ask where he is going he pulls out a small packet from his jeans. Oh. This is really happening, I know I should be afraid or nervous but all I feel is my love for him, and his for me.

The anticipation of what is coming next fills me and time seems to slow down while I wait for him to return to the bed. I had always thought my first time would be with Noah, on our wedding night. We would be in a huge bed in some fancy bungalow on a tropical island. But, here I am in my small dorm room, on my small bed with Harry and I would not change a single thing about it.
