
"Uhmm..Where is Steph?" My voice comes out as more of a squeak than I intended. My hands are clenched around the soft fabric of my towel, my eyes keep darting down to make sure the towel is securely covering my naked body.

He looks at me, the corners of his mouth lifting slightly but doesn't say a word.

"Did you hear me? I asked you where Steph is," I repeat, trying to be slightly more polite than the last.

The assumed expression on his face magnifies and he finally mumbles, "I don't know," and turns on the small flat screen on Steph's dresser. What is he even doing in here if he doesn't know where she is? Doesn't he have his own room? I bite my tongue, trying to keep my rude comments to myself.

"Okay? Well could you like.. leave or something so I can get dressed?" I realize he hasn't even noticed I am in a towel, well maybe he has but it doesn't phase him.

"Don't flatter yourself, it's not like I am going to look at you," he scoffs and rolls over, his hands covering his face. He has a thick English accent that I didn't notice before. Probably because he was too rude to speak to me. Why is he in Pullman? Unsure how I should respond to his rude remark, I huff and walk to my dresser. Maybe he isn't straight, that's what he meant by "it's not like I am going to look" , either that or he thinks I am ugly. I hastily put on a bra and panties, followed by a plain white shirt and khaki shorts.

"Are you done yet?" he asks, snapping the last bit of patience I held.

"Could you be any more disrespectful? I mean honestly, you're my room while I change and you have the nerve to be rude to me? I did nothing to you, what is your problem?" I shout, my voice at a much higher volume than I had wanted but by the surprised look on his face, my words had the intended effect on the tattooed boy.

He silently stares at me and while I am waiting for his apology, he bursts into laughter. He looks at me and just laughs. His laugh is a deep and almost lovely sound. It would be much more enjoyable if he wasn't so adamant on being a jerk. Dimples indent in his cheeks as he continues to laugh and I feel like a complete idiot, unsure what to do or say. I don't usually like conflict and this boy seems like the last person I should start a fight with. The door opens and Steph bursts in. 

"Sorry, I'm late. I have a hell of a hangover," she dramatically says and her
eyes dart back and forth between Harry and I.

"Sorry Tess, I forgot to tell you Harry would be coming by," she shrugs apologetically, taking in the scene in front of her.

I would like to think me and Steph could make our living arrangement work, maybe even build some sort of a friendship, but with her choice of friends, I'm just not sure anymore.

"You're boyfriend is rude," the words tumble out before I can stop them.

They both burst into laughter. What is it with people laughing at me? It's getting really annoying.

"Harry is not my boyfriend!" she laughs, emphasizing the not.

"What did you say to her?"Steph turns and scowls at him. "Harry has a.. a unique way of conversing" she explains, looking back to me. Lovely, so basically what she is saying is that Harry is, simply a rude person. The English boy shrugs and changes the channel with the remote in his hand.

"There is a party tonight, you should come with us, Tessa," she offers. It's my turn to laugh at her.

"Parties aren't really my thing. Plus I have to go to get some things for my side of the room," I look at Harry who, of course is acting as if neither of us are in the room with him.

"C'mon.. it's just one party! You're in college now, just one party won't hurt," she begs. "How are you getting to the store, I thought you didn't have a car?" she asks. I can't go to a party.

"I don't even know anyone, besides I was going to Skype with Noah," I tell her and Harry laughs again, acknowledging that he is paying attention after all, "and I was going to take a bus to the store"

"You do not want to take the bus on a Saturday! They're way too packed, Harry can drop you on the way to his place.. right harry? And you'll know me at the party. Just come.. please?" She presses her hands together in a dramatic plea.

I've only known her for a day, should I trust her? I know that despite how tough she looks, she is quite sweet. But a party?

"I don't know.. and no I don't want Harry to drive me to the store," I say. Harry rolls over across Steph's bed with an amused expression.

"Oh no! I was really looking forward to hanging out with you," he dryly remarks, his voice so full of sarcasm that I want to throw a book at his cocky head.

"Come on Steph, you know this girl isn't going to show at the party," he laughs, his accent is so thick. The nosey side of me, which I admit is quite large, is desperate to ask him where he is from. The mocking grin on his smug face pushes me to prove him wrong.

"Actually, I'll come," I say with as sweet of a smile as I can muster. Harry laughs again and Steph squeals before wrapping her arms around me in a tight hug.

"Yay! We'll have so much fun!!' She shrieks.

I sure hope she's right.
