"What do you have planned for the rest of the day?" Harry asks as he finally breaks our kiss. He sits on my bed and I join him.

"Nothing, just studying." I feel nervous now, like there is some way I should be behaving now that we are.. more, but I have no clue what way that is.

"Cool." He says and clicks his tongue onto the roof of his mouth.

He seems nervous too, I am glad it isn't just me.

"Come here" Harry beckons me and opens his arms. The moment I sit on his lap, the door opens and he groans. Steph, Tristan and Niall all enter the room. They all stare at us and I climb off of Harry and sit on the other side of the bed.

"So are you guys like fuck buddies now?" Niall asks and I squeak.

"No! We aren't" I tell them. I don't know what I should tell them, I will wait for Harry to say something. He stays quiet as Tristan and Niall begin to talk to him about the party last night.

"It seems I didn't miss much." Harry tells them and Niall shrugs.

"Until Molly gave us a strip show, she got completely naked, you should have been there." Niall tells Harry. I cringe and look towards Steph who is staring at Tristan, probably hoping he isn't going to comment on Molly being naked.

"Nothing I haven't seen before." Harry smiles and I gasp then try to conceal it as a cough. He did not just say that. His face falls, seeming to understand what he just did.

Maybe this was a terrible idea, it is already sort of awkward and now that everyone is in the room it is magnified. Why didn't he tell them we were dating? Are we dating? I don't really understand myself. I thought after his confession that we were but we never actually said we are. Maybe we don't need to? This uncertainty is already driving me crazy, the entire time I have been with Noah I have never had to worry about his feelings for me. I never had to deal with ex- friends with benefits, I am the only girl Noah has ever kissed in his life, and honestly I like it that way. I wish Harry had never done anything with another girl, or less of them at least.

"We're going bowling after I change, do you want to come?" Steph asks and I shake my head.

"I have to catch up on my studying, I have barely gotten any done this weekend." I tell her and look away as the memories of this weekend flood through my mind. When did Harry make the plans to go, probably before everything that happened.

"You should come, it will be fun." Harry offers but I shake my head. I really need to stay in, I was sort of hoping he would stay with me. Steph steps into the closet and returns a few minutes later with different clothes on.

"Ready guys? You're sure you don't want to come?" She asks me and I nod.

"I'm sure." I tell her. They all get up to leave and Harry gives me a wave and a small smile before exiting the room. I am a little disappointed with his goodbye, but what did I expect? For him to rush over and kiss me, tell me he would miss me? I laugh at the thought. I don't know if anything will even change between Harry and I besides we will stop actively trying to avoid one another. I am too used to how things are with Noah so I have no idea how this is going to be and I hate not having control over every situation.

After an hour of studying and attempting to take a nap, I grab my phone to text Harry. Wait, I don't even have his number. I had never thought about it before, we have never talked on the phone or text before. We never needed to, we couldn't stand each other. This is going to be more complicated than I thought.

I call my mother to catch up with her, and mostly to see if Noah has told her what happened yet. He would be arriving back home soon from his two hour drive, and I am sure he won't waste any time telling her everything. She answers with a simple hello, so I know she has no clue yet. I tell her about my attempt to get a car, and the possible internship with Vance. Of course, she reminds me that I have been at college over a month and I still haven't found a car. I roll my eyes and let her continue to ramble on about what she has been doing the last week. My phone lights up while I am listening to her, I place her on speakerphone and read the text.

*You should have came with us, with me.* The message reads. My heart swells, it's Harry.

Pretending to listen to my mother I mumble ,"hmm.. oh.." a few times while I text him back.

*You should have stayed.* I send. I stare at the screen waiting for him to reply.

*I am coming to pick you up* he replies after what seems like forever.

*What? No, I don't want to go bowling, you're already there. Just stay.*

*I already left, be ready.* He is demanding even through a text message.

My mother is still talking and I have no idea what about. I stopped listening once Harry text me.

"Mom, I will call you back." I interrupt her.

"Why?" her tone is surprised.

"I uhm.. well I spilled coffee on my notes. I gotta go" I lie and hang up.
I hastily go into the closet and pull Harry's pajamas off of my body and grab my new jeans and a plain purple top. I brush my hair out, it looks decent considering it hasn't been washed. I check the time and go down to the bathroom to brush my teeth, when I return Harry is waiting on my bed.

"Where were you?" He asks.

"Brushing my teeth." I tell him and put my toiletry bag away.

"Ready?" He stands up and walks towards me. I half expect him to hug me, but he doesn't. He just moves to the door.

I nod and grab my purse and phone.

When we get to his car, he keeps the radio down as he drives. I really don't want to go to the bowling alley. I hate bowling, but I want to spend time with him. I don't like how co-dependent I already feel.

"How long do you think we will be there?" I ask after a few minutes of silence.
"I don't know..why?" He looks sideways at me. "I don't know.. I don't really care for bowling."
"It won't be too bad. Everyone is there." he assures me. I hope everyone doesn't include part time hoe Molly.
"I guess." I mumble and look out the window. "You don't want to go?" His voice is quiet.

"Not really, that's why I said no the first time." I laugh a little.

"Let's go somewhere else then?"

"Where?" I am irritated with him, I am not sure why.

"My house." He suggests and I smile and nod. His smiles grow, showing the dimples that I have grown so fond of.

"My house is it then." He reaches over and puts his hand on my thigh. My skin warms, and I put my hand over his.

Fifteen minutes later we are pulling up the large fraternity house. I haven't been here since Harry and I fought, as always, and I walked back to the dorms. He walks slightly ahead of me and leads me up the stairs, I am more familiar with this house than I should be. None of the guys bother to look twice at us, they must be used to seeing Harry bring a girl home. My stomach pings at the thought. I need to stop thinking this way, because it is going to drive me insane and there is nothing I can do to change it.

"Here we are." Harry says and unlocks his door. I follow him inside and he turns the light on, kicking his boots off his feet and onto the floor. He moves over to his bed and pats the spot next to him.

As I walk towards him, my curiosity gets the best of me. "Was Molly there? At the bowling alley?" I look out his window as I ask him.

"Yea, of course she was." he answers causally. "Why?"

I sit down on the soft bed and Harry pulls me by my ankles loser to him. I laugh and slide closer, my back flat against the bed, putting my knees up and my feet on the other side of his legs.

"I was just wondering.." I tell him and he grins.

"She is always going to be around, she is a part our group." he informs me and I nod. I know it is silly of me to be this jealous of her, but she just bothers me. She acts like she likes me when I know she doesn't, and I know she likes Harry. Now that we are.. whatever we are, I don't want her near him.

"You aren't like worried that I will fuck her are you?" I swat his arm at his use of words. I love the way dirty words sound coming off his lips, but not when she is involved.

"No, well I.. maybe. I just know you have before and I don't want you to again." I admit my jealousy. I am sure he is going to mock me or laugh so I turn my head sideways. His hand goes to my knee and he squeezes gently.

"I wouldn't do that.. not now. Don't worry about her, okay?" His words are gentle, and I believe him.

"Why didn't you tell anyone about us?" I know I should just shut my mouth but it has been bothering me.

"I don't know.. I wasn't sure if you wanted me to. Besides, what we do is our business. Not theirs." he explains. His answer is much better than what was
going through my mind.

"I guess you're right, I thought maybe you were embarrassed or something?" I say and he laughs.

"Why would I possibly be embarrassed by you? Look at you." His eyes darken and he moves his hand to my stomach. His fingers tug up my shirt and he draws circles on my bare skin with his digits. Goosebumps raise my skin and he smiles.

"I love the way your body responds to me." He breathes. I know what is coming next, and I can't wait.
