The girl turns around and looks at me as I try to move my feet but they just won't budge.

"Can I help you?" she smirks. Harry sits up with her still on his torso. His face flat, not amused or embarrassed what so ever. He must do this type of thing all the time.

"Oh.. Uhmm,. no. sorry. I am looking for a bathroom, someone spilled a drink on me," I quickly explain. This is so uncomfortable. I'm not surprised to find the two of them embraced this way, the pink haired girl and Harry are perfect for each other. Both tattooed, and both rude.

"Okay? So go find a bathroom," she rolls her eyes and I nod, leaving the room. After the door closes I lean my back against it. So far college isn't fun at all. I just can't wrap my head around how a party like this could be considered fun. Instead of trying to find a bathroom, I decide to find the kitchen and cleam myself off there. The last thing I want is to open another door and find drunken hormonal teenagers on top of each other. Again.

The kitchen isn't too hard to find but it is way too crowded since most of the alcohol supply is in buckets on the counter. I have to reach around a brunette puking in the sink to grab a paper towel and wet it, as I wipe it over my dress, small white flakes of the cheap paper towel cover the wet spot, making it even worse. I groan and lean against the counter.

"Having fun?" I hear Niall say. I am relieved to see a familiar face. He smiles sweetly and takes a sip of his drink.

"Not so much.. how long do these parties usually last?"

"All night.. and half the day tomorrow," he laughs and my mouth drops. When would Steph want to leave? Hopefully soon.

"Wait," I begin to panic, "who's going to drive us back to the dorm?" I ask him, well aware of his bloodshot eyes.

"I don't know.. you can drive my car if you want," he offers and I sigh.

"I can't drive your car, if I wreck or get pulled over with underage drinkers in the car I would get in so much trouble," I can't imagine my mothers face as she bails me out of jail.

"It's not a far drive, you should just take my car. You haven't even been drinking. Otherwise you will have to stay here unless you want me to drive. I can ask around to see if someone-" 

"No, its fine. I'll figure it out," this party is becoming more of a problem by the minute.
