The rest of the weekend goes quickly and luckily I manage to avoid seeing Harry. I made sure to make a trip to the store Sunday before he came to the room in order to avoid him. The new clothes I bought fill up my small dresser, as I put them away Harry's obnoxious voice pops in my head "You know we are going to a party not church'' he said and would most certainly say again if he saw my new clothes. I have decided that I am no longer going to be going to parties with Steph, or anywhere that Harry may be. He isn't good company and he exhausts me mentally.

It's now Monday morning, my first day of college classes and I couldn't be more prepared. I woke up extra early to make sure I could take a shower and not be rushed. My button up shirt and pleated skirt are perfectly ironed and ready to be put on. I plan on leaving soon so I can get to my first class at least fifteen minutes early to ensure that I won't be late.

Steph's alarm goes off but she hits the snooze button. Should I wake her? Her classes may start later than mine, or maybe she isn't planning on going. The idea of missing the first day of classes stresses me out but she is a sophomore so maybe she has it under control. Finally, it is time to get dressed and ready to go. I get dressed, repin my hair and put my bag over my shoulder. With one last glance in the mirror, I head to my first class. I am grateful that I studied the campus map so I can find my classes easily. When I walk into my freshman history class the room is empty, except one person.

I choose to sit next to him, he obviously cares about being on time. Just like me.

"Where is everyone?" I ask him and he smiles. He has an adorable smile.

"Probably running across campus to barely make it here on time," he laughs and I instantly like him. That is exactly what I would have said.

"I'm Tessa Young," I say and give him a friendly smile.

"Liam Payne," he says with an equally adorable smile as the first one. We spend the rest of the time before class talking, we are both English majors and he has a girlfriend named Danielle. He doesn't mock me when I tell him that Noah is a grade below me. I'm really glad that I sat next to him. The class fills up and me and Liam make a point to introduce ourselves to the professor.

As the day continues, I begin to regret taking five classes instead of four. I rush to my Literature class and barely make it on time. Thank god it is my last class of the day. I am relieved when I see Liam sitting in the front row, the seat next to him empty. "Hey again," he smiles and I sit down next to him.

The professor begins the class, handing out the syllabus for the semester and tells the class about himself. I am so glad that college is different from high school, the professors don't make you stand in front of the class and introduce yourself or any other embarrassing and unnecessary things.

Right in the middle of the professor explaining our reading lists, the door opens and my mouth drops. Of course, just when I thought my day was going decently, in stumbles Harry. "Ugh," I say under my breath and Liam laughs.
"You know Harry Styles?" He asks. Harry must have quite the reputation around the campus if someone as sweet as Liam knows him.

"Sort of, my roommate is friends with him. He's a jerk," I whisper. Harry's eyes lock on mine and I worry that he heard me. I honestly don't; care if he did, it's not like he isn't aware he is a jerk. I find myself curious about what Liam knows about him though, I can't help but ask. "Do you know him?"

"Yea.. he's.." he stops talking and his eyes look behind me. I look up and see Harry sliding into the desk next to me. Liam stays quiet for the rest of the class.

"That is all for today, I will see you all Wednesday," Professor Hill says and dismisses us.

"I think this will be favorite class," I tell Liam and he agrees. His face falls and I turn to see Harry walking next to us.

"What do you want Harry?" I ask, giving him a taste of his own medicine. it doesn't work, he seems amused.

"Nothing at all. I am so glad we have a class together," he mocks and runs his hands through his hair, shaking it and pushing it up on his forehead.

"I'll see you later Tessa," Liam says. He looks at Harry one more time and walks the opposite way.

"You would find the lamest kid in class to befriend,"

"Don't say that about him, he is sweet and smart. Unlike you," I'm shocked at my harsh words to him. He really brings out the worst in me.

"You're becoming more feisty with each chat we have, Theresa,"

"If you call me Theresa one more time.." I warn and he laughs. I try to picture him without his tattoos and piercings, he is actually attractive but his personality ruins him.

"Stop staring at me," he says and turns the corner, disappearing before I can think of a comeback.
