"What?" I whisper harshly, ignoring his growing smirk.

"I would like to join you." He says. His fingers grip the bottom of his shirt, pulling it over his head and he reaches behind me to turn on the shower.

"We can't just take a shower together, we are at your father's house, and Liam and Danielle could be back anytime." I say. The idea of seeing Harry completely naked under the shower makes me squirm but this is too much.

"Well, I am going to take a nice hot shower while you stand there and overanalyze." His pants are left on the floor, along with his boxers as he steps past me and into the water. I don't realize I am staring until he closes the curtain abruptly, hiding his perfect body that I was in the middle of ogling.

"Don't you just love a hot shower after a long day?" His voice is distorted from the water but I can hear the smug smile his voice.

"I wouldn't know because some rude naked guy stole my shower." I huff and hear him chuckle.

"A sexy rude naked guy?" He teases. "Just come in before the hot water gives away."

"I.." I want to but taking a shower with someone is just so intimate, too intimate.

"Come on, live a little. It's just a shower." He says and opens the curtain. 
"Please." he reaches his hand out and my eyes scan his long, inked torso, gleaming from the water sliding down his skin.

"Okay." I whisper and undress while he watches every move I make. "Stop staring" I scold him and he pretends to be wounded, placing his hand over his heart.

"Are you questioning my nobility?" He laughs and I nod slowly, trying to fight my smile.

"I am insulted." He reaches his hand out to help me step in with him. I can't believe I am actually doing this, showering with him. I try my best to cover myself with my arms as I wait for him to move from under the water.

"Is it weird that I love how you're still shy around me?" He says, removing my shield. I stay quiet and he gently tugs my arms to bring me under the water. His head dips down, soaking my bare shoulder.

"I think it's so appealing to me because you are so shy and innocent, yet you let me do dirty things to you." His breath feels hotter than the water against my ear. I blink as his hands travel down my arms slowly, his eyes taking in my naked body.

"And I know for a fact that you like when I say dirty things to you." I gulp and he smiles against my neck.

"See how your pulse quickens.. I can practically see it under your delicate skin." he taps his index finger over the pulse point in my neck. Oh wow. I have no idea how I am standing, my legs have surely turned to mush, along with my brain.

His fingers running over my body make me stop worrying about the fact that we aren't alone in the house, they make me want to be reckless, and let Harry do whatever he wants to me. When his long fingers wrap around my hips, I involuntarily lean into him.

"I love you Tessa, you believe me don't you?" He asks. I nod, wondering why he is asking me this right now, after we have said it so many times in the last twenty-four hours.

"Yes I believe you." My voice is hoarse and I clear my throat.

"Good, I have never loved anyone before." He goes from playful to seductive to serious so fast, I can barely keep up.

"Ever?" I think I already knew this but it feels so different actually having him say the words, especially when we are in the shower together. I thought he would have his head between my legs right now, not expressing his feelings.

"No, never. Not even close." He admits. I wonder if he has ever had a girlfriend before, I don't want to know if he has. He told me he doesn't date, so I am going to stick with that.

"Oh." Is all I can say.

"Do you love me the way you loved Noah?" He asks. A sound between a cough and gasp comes out of my mouth and I look away from him. I grab the shampoo off of the shelf, I haven't even washed anything yet and we have been in here a few minutes.

"Well?" He asks. I don't know how to answer that. It's a totally different with Harry than it was with Noah. I loved Noah, I think. I know I loved him, just not like this. Loving Noah was comfortable and safe, it was always calm. Loving Harry is raw and exciting, it sparks my every nerve and I can't get enough of him. I never want to be away from him. Even when he drove me crazy, I missed him and had to fight myself to stay away from him.

"I take that as a no?" He says and turns away from me, letting me have full access to the water. I feel cramped in the tiny space and the air is too thin, too clouded with steam from the hot water.

"It's not the same." How do I explain this to him without sounding insane. His shoulders slack, I know if he was to face me he would be frowning. My hands wrap around his waist and I press my lips against his back.

"It's not the same in the way you think." I say. "I love you in a different way, Noah was so comfortable to me he was almost like family. I felt like I was supposed to love him but I really didn't, not in the way I love you at least. It wasn't until I realized I loved you that I saw how different the love was. I don't know if that even makes sense." I breath. A ping of guilt hits me for saying I don't love Noah but I think I knew that from the moment I kissed Harry for the first time.

"It does." When he turns back around his eyes are much softer. The lust, then apprehension is gone, replaced by.. love? Or relief.. I can't tell but he leans down and kisses my forehead. "I just want to be the only person you ever love, the way you are mine." How could he be such a jerk before and say these loving things to me now? Despite the hint of possessiveness in his tone, his words are sweet and surprisingly humble for him.

"In the ways that count, you are." I promise him. He seems pleased with my answer as his smile returns.

"Now, can you move so I can get this dirt off of me before the water goes cold?" I say and gently push him out of my way.

"I'll do that for you." He grabs the cloth and pours soap on it. I hold my breath the entire time he gently scrubs the dirt off of my body, shivering as he passes over the sensitive spots, his touch lingering on them.

"I would have you wash me, but I won't be able to stop what would happen after." He winks at me and I blush. I want to find out what would happen after, and I would love to touch every inch of his body. But we aren't alone in the house and Karen has probably already finished cooking.

After I am dirt free and feeling calm yet wound up from Harry's touch, I dry off quickly and put on my yoga pants and a t-shirt from my bag and brush my hair before pulling it into a bun. Harry wraps a towel around his waist and stands behind me, staring at me through the mirror. He looks so heavenly, god like, and perfect and mine.

"Those pants are going to be distracting." he says as we walk downstairs.

"Have you always been such a pervert?" I tease and he nods. It isn't until we walk into the kitchen that I realize how we look, both coming down here with wet hair. It is obvious that we just showered together, Harry doesn't seem to mind but he has no manners.

"I made some sandwiches, they are on the counter." Karen beams. She doesn't seem to be surprised or mind either. My mother would lose her mind if she knew what I just did. Especially with Harry.

"Thank you so much." I tell her. Ken is sitting at the counter with a stack of folders in front of him.

"I had a nice time today Tessa." Karen tells me and we start discussing the greenhouse again. Harry eats in silence, glancing at me from time to time.

"Maybe we can do some more work next weekend." I suggest, I forgot the wedding for a second. "Never mind, the weekend after?" I laugh.

"Yes, of course."

"Uh, is there a theme or something with the wedding?" Harry interrupts. Ken looks up from his work.

"Well, there isn't really a theme but we have chosen white and black for the wedding décor." Karen says nervously. I am sure this is the only time they have discussed the wedding with Harry since he lost it when Ken told him about it.

"Oh. So what should I wear?" He asks casually. I want to reach over and kiss him after seeing his father's reaction.

"You're coming?" Ken asks, clearly surprised but very happy.

"Yea.. I guess." Harry shrugs and takes another bite of his sandwich.

Karen and Ken smile at each other before Ken gets up and walks over to Harry.
"Thank you son, this means a lot to me." He pats Harry on the shoulder. Harry stiffens but rewards his father with a small smile.

"This is great news!" Karen says and claps her hands.

"It's nothing." Harry grumbles. I move to sit next to him and put my hand over his under the table. I never thought I could get him to agree to the wedding, let alone actually talk about it in front of Ken and Karen.

"I love you" I whisper in his ear when Karen and Ken aren't paying attention. He smiles and squeezes my hand.

"I love you." He reciprocates.

"So Harry, how are your classes going?" Ken asks. "Good."

"I noticed you moved your classes around again." "Yea, and?" Harry is getting annoyed.

"You're still majoring in English right?"

"yep."

"That is great, I remember when you were ten and you would recite passages from The Great Gatsby all day, every day. I knew you were a literature whiz then." Ken laughs.

"Do you? Do you remember that?" Harry tone is harsh. I squeeze his hand trying to tell him to calm down.

"Yea, of course I do." Ken says calmly.

Harry's nostrils flare and he rolls his eyes. "I find that hard to believe since you were constantly drunk, and if I remember correctly, which I do, you tore that book to pieces because I bumped your scotch and spilled it. So don't try to take a stroll down memory lane with me unless you know what the fuck you're talking about. " He stands up as Karen and I both gasp.

"Harry!" Ken says as he leaves the room. I scurry after him and hear Karen yelling at Ken.

"You shouldn't have went that far with him Ken! He just agreed to come to our wedding, I thought we agreed on baby steps! Then you go and say something like that, you should have left it alone!" She says, I can tell she is already crying.
