Harry's lips mold to mine and my hands travel up his back. His narrow hips grind down on mine and a whimper escapes my lips. He swallows my gasps as his lips trace mine, movement for movement.

"Oh, Tessa the things you do to me.. the way you make me feel," he whispers into my mouth. His words unravel me and I reach for the hem of his shirt. His hand travels down from my cheek, to my chest, and down my stomach. The thick fabric of my dress concealing the goose bumps forming on my skin. His hand moves to the small space between our bodies where my legs are parted and I gasp as he rubs gently over the lace of my tights. He applies a little more pressure and I groan and arch my back off the bench.

No matter how angry or upset he makes me, one touch from him and I am under his control. Control that at the moment seems to be faltering. He is trying to hold onto it but I can see it crumbling. He brushes his nose against my cheek as I pull his shirt up and over his head, it strains to get over his hair but he reaches one hand up and tugs it as he lifts off of me. He tosses the shirt and immediately dips his head down and finds my lips once more. Feeling need and impatient, I grab his hand and move it back between my thighs, a small chuckle vibrates through him and he looks down at me.
"What do you want to do, Tessa?" his voice is hoarse.

"Anything," I tell him, meaning the word. I'll do anything with him, let him do anything to me, and I don't care about the consequences that are bound to come tomorrow. He said he wants me, and I am his to take, I have been since the first time I pressed my lips to his.

"Don't say anything, because there are a lot of fucking things I can and want to do to you," he groans and pushes his thumb against my tights and panties. My imagination runs wild with the different things he could do to me,

"You decide," I moan as he moves his thumb in a circle. I don't have any suggestions, I just want him to keep touching me this way.

"You're so wet for me, I can feel you through the tights," his tongue runs over his lips, wetting them and I moan again. 'Let's get these tights off, okay?"

Before I can respond he moves off of me. His hands slide up my dress and grip the waistband of my tights, pulling them down along my thighs. The cool air hits me and I buck my hips involuntarily.

"Fuck, you're fucking soaking," he mutters as his eyes rake my body and stop between my legs. Unable to stop himself it seems, he slides his finger down my folds to collect the moisture. He brings his finger to his lips and he sucks on it with hooded eyes. I've never witnessed something so erotic in my entire life. Watching him suck his finger sends heat through my whole body.

"Remember when I said I wanted to taste you?" he asks and I nod. "Well, I want to now. Okay?" His expression is eager. I am a little embarrassed by the idea but if it feels as good as him rubbing me at the stream, I want him to. He licks his lips again and keeps his eyes at a steady gaze into mine. The last time I was going to let him do this, we ended up fighting because he was being cruel. I hope he doesn't ruin it again.

"Do you want me to?" He asks and I groan.

"Please don't make me say it" I beg. He brings his hand back down to me and runs his fingers along my hips in wide circles.

"I won't." he promises. I am relieved, I nod my head and he lets out a breath.

"We should move to the bed so you have more room" he suggests and reaches for my hand. I pull my dress down once I stand up and he smirks at me. He walks to the side of the bay window and pulls a string, setting free thick blue curtains, making the room much darker.

"Take it off" he demands quietly and I do as I am told. The dress pools at my feet and I am left in just my bra. My bra is plain white, with a small bow on the dip between the cups. I need to invest in some new undergarments if Harry is going to keep seeing me in them. His eyes go wide and loiter on my chest, and he reaches out and brings the small bow between his long fingers.

"Cute," he smiles and I cringe. I try to cover my naked body from him, I'm more comfortable with Harry than I have ever been with anyone, but I'm still shy standing here wearing only a bra. I glance towards the door and he pads over to make sure it is locked.


"Are you smirking at me?" I scold and he shakes his head.

"Never" he chuckles and leads me to the bed. "Lay down at the edge of the bed, with your feet on the ground so I can kneel in front of you" he instructs.

I lay back on the large bed and he slides me down by my thighs to the end of the bed. My feet dangle but don't reach the floor.

"I didn't realize how tall the bed is," he smiles. "So just lay towards the top" I scoot towards the top of the bed and Harry follows behind. He hooks his arms around my thighs and bends his knees slightly so he is almost crouched in front of me, between my legs. The anticipation of how this will feel is driving me wild, I wish I had more experience so I would know what to expect. Harry's curls tickle my thighs as he lowers his head.

"I'm going to make you feel so fucking good," he mutters against my stomach. My pulse is thrumming through my ears and I temporarily forget we are in the house with other people, luckily it is a large house.

"Spread your legs baby," he whispers and I oblige. He gives me a dazed smile and brings his mouth down and kisses just under my belly button. His tongue swirls around my creamy skin and my eyes flutter closed. He nips at the soft skin covering my hip and I yelp in surprise. He sucks the skin between his lips. It stings but there is something so sensual about it that I don't mind the pain.

"Harry, please," I breath. I need some sort of relief from his slow teasing torture. Without warning his tongue presses flat against my center making me cry out in pleasure. He makes small strokes with his tongue and my hands fist the comforter on the bed. I wriggle underneath his skillful tongue and he wraps his arms tighter, holding me in place. I feel Harry's finger rubbing along with his tongue's caresses and the burn begins to build in my stomach. I feel the cool metal of his lip ring, it adds to the sensation.

Without my permission, Harry slowly slides a finger inside of me and gently eases it in. I clench my eyes closed, waiting for the uncomfortable sting to go away.

"Are you okay?" He lifts his head up slightly. His plump lips glistening from me. I nod, unable to find the words and he withdraws his finger slowly and slides it back it. It feels incredible in combination with his tongue. I groan and move a hand to his soft hair, threading my fingers through and tugging. His finger keeps entering me and he draws it out slowly each time. Thunder booms throughout the house, echoing on the walls but I am too distracted to care.

"Harry," I moan as his tongue finds that overly sensitive spot and he gently sucks. I never knew that anything could feel this way, this good. My body is overtaken by sensation and pleasure and I sneak a peak down at Harry who looks incredibly sexy between my legs, the hard muscles under his skin contract as he pumps his finger in and out.

"Should I make you come this way?" He asks. I whimper at the loss of his tongue and nod frantically. He smirks and touches his tongue to me again, this time in flicking motions against that spot that I have come to love, in more ways than one.

"Oh god," I breath and he groans against me, sending the vibrations straight through me. My legs stiffen and I mutter his name repeatedly while I come undone. My vision blurs and I screw my eyes shut. Harry holds me and flicks his tongue at a faster rate. I bring one hand from his hair and cover my mouth with it, biting down to ensure I won't scream. Seconds later, my head hits the pillow and my chest is heaving up and down as I try to catch my breath. My body is still tingling from the euphoric state I was just in. I am barely aware of Harry's body moving up on the bed and laying next to me. He props himself on his elbow and brings his thumb up to caress my cheek. He lets me come back to reality before trying to make me speak.

"How was that?" He asks, his voice holds a hint of uncertainty as I roll my head to look at him.

"Mhhmm," I nod and he chuckles. It was incredible, beyond incredible. Now I know why everyone does this type of stuff.

"That sated huh?" he teases. The pad of his thumb brushes my lower lip. I bring my tongue out to wet my lips, and it touches Harry's thumb.

"Thank you," I smile shyly. I don't know why I feel shy after what we just did but I do. Harry has seen me in my most vulnerable state, a state that no one else has and that terrifies me as much as it excites me.

"I should have warned you before using my fingers, I tried to be gentle," he apologizes and I shake my head.

"It's okay, it felt good." I blush. He smiles and tucks my hair behind my ear.

A small shiver runs down my spine and Harry's brows lower. "Are you cold?" He asks and I nod. He surprises me by pulling the comforter up from the side and covering my almost naked body.

Feeling oddly close to him, bravery brings me to scoot closer to him. His eyes regard me carefully as I curl my body and lay my head against the hard surface of his stomach. His skin is colder than i expected, the breeze is still floating through the room from the storm. I pull the covers up and cover his chest, hiding my head underneath. He lifts the blanket up, revealing my face and I duck away from him, laughing lightly at our little game of hide and seek.

"How much longer until we have to go back downstairs?" I ask and he shrugs. I wish I could just lay here with him for hours, feeling his heartbeat against my cheek.

"We should probably go down now before they think we are fucking up here," he says. I'm getting more and more used to his foul mouth but it's still a little shocking to hear him say those words so casually. The thing that shocks me the most is the way my skin tingles when he says them.
I groan and climb out of bed. I feel Harry's eyes on me as I bend down to retrieve my clothes. I toss him his shirt and he pulls his over his head then ruffles his messy hair. I slide my panties up legs and shimmy them on under his gaze. The tights are next and I almost trip over them as I step into them.

"Stop watching me, its making me nervous," I tell him and he smiles, his dimples as prominent as ever.

Harry's hands slide into his pocket and he looks up at the ceiling. I giggle and finally get the tights up my legs.

"Can you zip my dress once I get it on?" I ask him. His eyes scan my body and I can see his pupils dilate from three feet away. I glance down and I see why. My breasts are spilling out of my bra and the lace tights hang just above my hips, I suddenly feel like a pin up girl.

"Y....Yea. I will help," he gulps. It's astounding that someone as handsome, well sexy, as Harry would be as affected by me as he is. I've been called pretty many times, but never sexy, I'm nothing like the girls he usually messes with. I have no tattoos, no piercings and I dress in conservative clothing.

I put the dress on and turn away from him, exposing my back to him, waiting for him to zip it up. I lift my hair up and hold it above my head. His finger grazes along my spin, skipping over my bra strap before he zips the dress. I shiver and lean back against him. I purposely push my behind against him and hear him suck in a breath. His hands move down to my hips and he squeezes gently. I feel him hardening against me, sending electricity through me for what feels like the hundredth time today.

"Harry?" Karen's voice calls from the hall as a delicate tapping hits the door. Harry rolls his eyes and brings his lips to my ear.

"Later," he promises and walks to the door. He switches on the light before opening it revealing Karen. I am so thankful we are both dressed.

"I am so sorry for intruding, but I have made some desserts as well, and thought maybe you two would like some?" She offers sweetly. Harry doesn't answer her but he looks back at me, waiting for my reply.

"Yes, that would be lovely" I smile and she grins back.

"Great! I will see you downstairs" she tells us and turns to walk away. "I've already had my dessert" he teases and I swat his arm.

We walk downstairs together, his hand on my lower back guiding me. Liam is sitting on the couch with his book on his lap again. I need to make sure I talk to him soon, I don't want to lose his friendship.
