I explain to Liam that Noah and I broke up and that I am not sure what to call my relationship with Harry. I think we are dating, but we haven't exactly discussed the technical terms. He stays quiet during most

"I know I have already warned you, so I wont do it again. But please just be careful with him. I will admit he seems to be infatuated with you, as infatuated as he can be for being him." Liam tells me as we take our seats.

"Thank you." It means a lot to me that despite his dislike of Harry he is doing his best to be understanding and supportive.
As I walk into my third class my Sociology professor waves me over to his podium.

"I just got a call to have you report to the chancellor's office" He tells me. What? Why? For a second I forget that Harry's father is the chancellor. I relax a little but then my nerves take over again. What could he possibly need? I know college doesn't work the same way as high school, but I feel as if I am getting called down to the principles office, only the principle happens to be my.. boyfriends? dad.

"Oh okay." I finally respond.

"We are just going over natural selection, I am sure you already have the assignment completed." he smiles and I nod. I love when professors acknowledge my hard work.

I pull my bag onto my shoulder and make my way across campus to the administration building. It is a far walk and takes me over a half hour to get there. I really need to get a car, this week. I will have to go further away from campus to prevent getting ripped off but I can't go another week without a car.

I give the secretary at the front desk my name and she quickly picked up the phone. I can't hear anything except "Dr. Styles." Of course Ken holds a doctorate.

"He is ready for you." She smiles and points to the wooden door across the hall.

Before I can knock, the door creaks open and Ken greets me with a smile. "Tessa, thank you for coming." He says and gestures for me to sit down. He takes a seat in the large swivel chair behind an over sized cherry wood desk. I feel much more intimated by him in this office than I ever did at his home.

"Sorry for calling you out of class, I didn't know how else to reach you and you know Harry can be.. difficult." He says and I laugh.

"It's okay, really. Is something wrong?" I ask nervously.

"No, not at all. I have a few things to discuss with you. I will start with the internship, I talked to my friend at Vance and he would love to meet with you, the sooner the better. If you're free tomorrow that would be best." He says.

"Really!" I shriek, my excitement brings me to my feet. I realize it is awkward that I am standing, so I hastily sit back down. "That is so great, thank you so much! You have no idea how much I appreciate it!" I tell him. This is such great news, I can't believe he would do this for me.

"It really is my pleasure Tessa. Shall I tell him you will come tomorrow?" He asks. I really don't want to miss any classes but this is worth it and I am ahead anyway.

"Yes, that will be great. Thank you again. Wow." I say and he laughs.

"Now for the second thing, if you say no that is perfectly fine.It is more of a personal request, or favor I suppose. Your internship at Vance will not be effected in any way if you decline." he says and I grow nervous. I nod and he continues. "I am not sure if Harry has told you that Karen and I are to be married next weekend."

"I knew the wedding was coming up." I tell him. I didn't know it was that close. My thoughts travel to when Harry crashed their home and drank almost an entire bottle of scotch.

"I was wondering if there is any way.. that you could possibly convince Harry to come." His eyes leave mine and he stares at the wall. "I know this is overstepping my boundaries but I would hate for him to not be there and honestly, I believe you are the only one who could convince to show up. I have asked him a few times and he says no immediately." He breathes.

I have no idea what to say to him, I would love to get Harry to his father's wedding but I doubt he will listen to me. Why does everyone seem to think he will? I remember when Ken told me he believes Harry is in love with me. I almost laugh again at the thought.

"I will certainly talk to him. I would love if he went." I tell him honestly.

"Really? Thank you so much Tessa. I hope you don't feel pressured to say yes. I look forward to hoepfully seeing you both there." He smiles. A wedding with Harry? The idea sounds so lovely, but Harry will be hard to convince. "Karen is very fond of you, she really enjoyed having you over this weekend. You are welcome anytime."

"I really enjoyed being there, maybe I can get in touch with her about those baking lessons she offered." I laugh and he chuckles. He looks so much like Harry when he smiles that it makes my heart warm. Harry's father is so desperate to have a relationship with his angry, broken son that it breaks my heart. If I can do anything to help Ken, I certainly will.

"She would love that! Come by any time." He says and I stand up.

"Thank you again for helping me with the internship. It means so much to me." I tell him.

"I have looked over your grades so far and they are very impressive. I believe Harry could learn a lot from you." he says with hope in his green eyes.

I feel my cheeks heat as I smile and say my goodbye. By the time I walk back across campus to the Literature building, I have only five minutes until class begins. Harry occupies his old seat and I can't help the smile on my face.

"You held up your end of the deal, so did I." he smiles back. I greet Liam and take my seat between them.

"Why were you so late?" Harry whispers as the professor begins class.

"I will tell you after class." I smile. I know if I bring this up now, he will cause a scene in the middle of class.

"Tell me."

"I said I willl tell you after class, it's no big deal." I promise him. He sighs but lets it go.

When class ends, Harry and Liam both stand up and I am not sure which one to talk to. I usually talk to Liam after class and we walk out together, but now Harry is back and I am unsure.

"Are you still coming to the bonfire with Danielle and I Friday? I was thinking you should come over for dinner first. I know my mom would love it." Liam says before Harry can speak.

"Yea, of course I am still coming. Dinner sounds great, just let me know the details and I will be there." I smile. I can't wait to meet Danielle, she makes Liam happy and for that I already love her.

"I'll text you." he says and walks away.

"I'll text you" Harry mocks and I roll my eyes. "Don't make fun of him." I warn.

"Oh yea, I forgot how angry you get. I recall you almost jumping over that booth at Molly when she did." he laughs and I shove his shoulder.

"I mean it Harry, leave him alone. Please." I add to soften the mood.

"He's living with my dad, I have earned the right to make fun of him." he smiles at me and I laugh. As we walk out of the building, I decide it's now or never.

"Speaking of your dad..." I look over and he has already tensed. "That's where I was today. In his office, he has set up an interview at Vance for me tomorrow. Isn't that great?"

"He what?" He scoffs. Here we go.

"He set up and interview for me. It is a great opportunity for me Harry." I plead for his understanding.

"Fine." He sighs.

"There's more." I add.

"Of course there is.."

"He invited me to the wedding next weekend.. well us. He invited us to the wedding." I stutter and he glares at me.

"No, I am not going. End of discussion." He turns to walk away from me.

"Wait, just hear me out. Please?" I reach for his wrist but he jerks away.

"No. You really need to stay out of this Tessa, I am not kidding. Mind your own damn business for once." he snaps and I frown.

"Harry.." I say once more but he ignores me. He walks away and into the parking lot. My feet have become cement, keeping me from following after him.

I watch as his white car peels out of the parking lot. He is overreacting and I am not going to feed into it. He needs some time to cool off before we speak again. I knew he wouldn't want to go but I had hoped he would at least discuss it. Who am I kidding? We only started this "more" thing two days ago. I don't know why I keep expecting things to be so much different. They are in some ways, Harry is nicer to me mostly, and he kissed me in public which was really surprising. However, Harry is still essentially Harry and he is stubborn and has an attitude problem. Sighing, I hook my bag over my shoulder and walk back to my room.

Steph is sitting cross-legged on the floor staring up at her television when I enter the room.

"Where were you last night? It's not like you to stay out on a school night young lady." She teases and I roll my eyes playfully.

"I .. was out." I tell her. I don't know if I should tell her that I stayed with Harry.

"With Harry." She adds and I look away.

"I know you were, he asked me for your number then he left the bowling alley and never came back." She states.

"Don't tell anyone, I don't exactly know what is going on myself." I tell her. She promises not to say anything to anyone. We spend the rest of the afternoon talking about her and Tristan before he picks her up to take her to dinner. When he arrives at the room he kisses her as soon as she opens the door, he holds her hand while she gathers her things and he smiles at her the entire time. Why can't Harry be that way with me? I haven't heard anything from Harry in a few hours but I don't want to be the one to text him first. Petty, I know but I don't care. I finish up my studying and gather my things to go take a shower, my phone buzzes as I reach my door. My heart leaps as soon as I see Harry's name.

*Stay with me tonight?* The text reads. He hasn't spoken to me in hours but he wants me to stay with him? Again?

*Why? So you can be a jerk to me?* I respond. I want to see him but I am still annoyed.

*I'm on my way, be ready.* He sends. I roll my eyes at his bossy tone but can't help feel excited to see him.

I rush down and take a shower so I don't have to take one at his frat house again. By the time I finish, I barely have enough time to gather my clothes for tomorrow. I dread taking the bus all the way to Vance, its a thirty minute drive. I am folding my clothes neatly into my bag when Harry opens the door, without knocking of course.

"Ready?" He asks and grabs my purse off the dresser. I nod and put my bag over my shoulder and follow him out. We walk to his car in silence, I hope the rest of the night doesn't go this way.
