The girl turns around and looks at me as I try to move my feet but they just won't budge.

"Can I help you?" she smirks. Harry sits up with her still on his torso. His face flat, not amused or embarrassed what so ever. He must do this type of thing all the time.

"Oh.. Uhmm,. no. sorry. I am looking for a bathroom, someone spilled a drink on me," I quickly explain. This is so uncomfortable. I'm not surprised to find the two of them embraced this way, the pink haired girl and Harry are perfect for each other. Both tattooed, and both rude.

"Okay? So go find a bathroom," she rolls her eyes and I nod, leaving the room. After the door closes I lean my back against it. So far college isn't fun at all. I just can't wrap my head around how a party like this could be considered fun. Instead of trying to find a bathroom, I decide to find the kitchen and cleam myself off there. The last thing I want is to open another door and find drunken hormonal teenagers on top of each other. Again.

The kitchen isn't too hard to find but it is way too crowded since most of the alcohol supply is in buckets on the counter. I have to reach around a brunette puking in the sink to grab a paper towel and wet it, as I wipe it over my dress, small white flakes of the cheap paper towel cover the wet spot, making it even worse. I groan and lean against the counter.

"Having fun?" I hear Niall say. I am relieved to see a familiar face. He smiles sweetly and takes a sip of his drink.

"Not so much.. how long do these parties usually last?"

"All night.. and half the day tomorrow," he laughs and my mouth drops. When would Steph want to leave? Hopefully soon.

"Wait," I begin to panic, "who's going to drive us back to the dorm?" I ask him, well aware of his bloodshot eyes.

"I don't know.. you can drive my car if you want," he offers and I sigh.

"I can't drive your car, if I wreck or get pulled over with underage drinkers in the car I would get in so much trouble," I can't imagine my mothers face as she bails me out of jail.

"It's not a far drive, you should just take my car. You haven't even been drinking. Otherwise you will have to stay here unless you want me to drive. I can ask around to see if someone-" 

"No, its fine. I'll figure it out," this party is becoming more of a problem by the minute.
"Let me know if you need anything," Niall tells me. He is really a sweet guy, why does he hang out with Harry so much?

"Can you help me find Steph?" I ask him and he starts to laugh. His hand moves up into the air and he points into the next room. I hear my gasp as I spot her. She, along with two other girls are dancing on a table in the living room. A drunk guy climbs up and joins them, his hands gripping Stephs hips. I expect her to smack his hands off but she just smiles and pushes her bottom against him. Oh.

"They are just dancing Tessa," Niall smiles and gives a quick chuckle at my uneasy expression. They aren't just dancing, they are groping and grinding each other.

"Yea.. I know, " I say even though it's not as casual to me. I've never danced that way, not even with Noah, and we have been dating two years. Noah! I feel incredibly guilty that he hasn't crossed my mind since I've arrived. When I pull my phone out I have three messages from him.

*You there Tess? *

*Hello? You okay?*

*Tessa? Should I call your mom? I am getting worried.*

I dial him as fast as my fingers will allow, praying that he hasn't called my mom yet. He doesn't answer but I text him assuring him that I am okay and please not to call my mother. She will lose it if she finds out I am at a party at a fraternity house, my first weekend of college.

"Heyyyy.. Tessa!" Steph slurs as she walks into the kitchen. Her arm wraps around mine and she leans her head on my shoulder. "You having fun at this party?" she giggles. She is obviously beyond wasted. "I think I need.. the room is starting to spend Tess.. I mean spin," she laughs and her body lurches forward.

"She is going to get sick," I tell Niall. He nods and lifts her into his arms, draping her body over his shoulders.

"Follow me," he instructs and heads upstairs. We go to a room upstairs and he opens the door, a bathroom. Of course when I needed one I couldn't find it. He places her on the floor by the toilet and she immediately begins to vomit. I look away but grab her red hair into my fist and hold it away from her head. After more vomit than I can handle, she stops and Niall hands me a towel.

"Take her to the room across the hall and lay her on the bed. She is going to need to sleep it off," he says and I nod. I can't leave her here alone, passed out. "You can stay in there too" he says, seeming to read my mind.

"Thank you," I tell him and he smiles and leaves the bathroom. I manage to get her up off the floor and help her walk across the hall, the door opens to a bedroom. My eyes immediately go to the book shelves covering one of the walls. I gently lay a groaning Steph onto the bed and walk over to the books. I scan through the titles and I am impressed by the owner of this collection, there are many classics, including all of my favorites. I grab Wuthering Heights and pull it off the shelf. It is in bad shape, the pages showing how many times it has been read.

"Why the hell are you in my room?" An angry voice booms. I know that accent by now. It's Harry.
