It is finally Friday and my first week of college is almost over. Feeling pleased with the way the week has gone, I plan on taking time from my studying tonight to rent some movies since Steph will most likely be at a party. Having all my classes syllabus really makes things easier for me so I can do a lot of the work ahead of time. I grab my bag and leave early, stopping by the café to grab a coffee to get an extra jump start on the day.

"Tessa right?" A girls voice says behind me as I wait in line. I turn around to find the pink haired girl from the party. Molly I think Steph called her.

"Yea" I answer and turn back around.

"Are you coming to the party tonight?" She asks. Sighing, I turn around again and shake my head. "You should, it's going to be awesome" she says and smiles. Her runs her tiny fingers over a large swirling tattoo on her forearm.

"Too bad, I know Zayn wanted to see you" she says and I can't help but laugh. "What? He was talking about you just yesterday"

"I doubt that.. but even if he was, I have a boyfriend" I tell her, causing her smile to grow.

"Too bad, we could have double dated," she smirks and I thank god when my order is ready. My hand wraps around the cup too quickly and a little bit of coffee laps over the edge and burns my hand, I curse under my breath and walk away.

Double date with who? Molly and Harry obviously. No thank you. Zayn was nice and all but Noah is everything to me. We haven't spoken much this week but that's only because my schedule is so busy. I send him a quick text telling him I miss him and make my way to my classes.

The day has been great. Liam and I have been meeting by the bookstore to walk to Literature together. He is leaning against the brick wall and as I reach him he greets me with a big smile.

"I am leaving about thirty minutes into class today, I am flying home for the weekend" he tells me.

"That is so exciting!" I tell him, maybe I should go home for the weekend sometime. My mom's house is only two hours away but I still haven't bought a car yet so I will have to wait.

As promised, Liam leaves thirty minutes into class and suddenly I am very aware of Harry sitting next to me. In college we can sit wherever we want, a different chair everyday if we want but Harry always sits next to me in the front row. I know he does it just to annoy me but I have ignored him all week.

"We will begin our week long discussion of Jane Austen's, Pride and Prejudice starting tomorrow!" Professor Hill announces just as the class ends. I can't help my huge grin, I have read that novel at least ten times. It's one of my absolute favorites.

"Let me guess, you just love Mr. Darcy," Harrys says in a mocking tone as I walk outside.

"Actually yes I do" We reach the intersection and I look both ways before crossing the street.

"Of course you do" he laughs, continuing to follow me.

"I am sure you aren't able to comprehend Mr. Darcy's appeal" My mind goes to the massive collection of novels in Harry's room. They couldn't possibly be his. Could they?

"A man who is rude and intolerable being made into a romantic hero? It's ridiculous. If Elizabeth had any sense she would have told him to fuck off,"

I laugh at his choice of words but cover my mouth, stopping myself. I was actually enjoying myself bantering with him, but it would only be a matter of time, minutes if I am lucky, until he says something hurtful. He has a dimpled grin across his face and I can't help but admire his good looks. Piercings and all.

"So you do agree that Elizabeth is an idiot?" He raises his eyebrow.

"No, she is one of the strongest, most complex characters ever written" I defend. He laughs again and I join him. Something flashes in his eyes and he stops laughing.

"I will see you around Theresa" he says and turns on his heel. What is with him? Before I can begin to analyze his actions, my phone rings. It's Noah. I feel an odd guilty feeling as I answer.

"Hey Tess, I was going to text you back but I figured I might as well call." Noah's voice sounds rushed.

"What are you doing? You sound busy"

"No, I am on my way to meet some friends at the grill" he explains.

"Okay, well I won't keep you. I am so glad it is Friday. I am ready for the weekend"

"Are you going to another party? Your mom is still disappointed" Why did he mention it to my mom? I love that he is close with my mom but sometimes dating him is like having an annoying little brother that tattles on me. Did I just compare him to a brother? It has been a long week.

"No, I am not going to a party, I miss you"

"I miss you too Tess. So much. Call me later okay?"

I agree and we exchange "I love you's" before hanging up.

When I get back to my room, Steph is getting ready for the party tonight, I assume it is at Harry's frat house. I log into Netflix and browse the movies, deciding which to watch tonight.

"I really wish you would come, I swear we won't stay this time. Just come for a little bit. Watching movies alone in this small room sounds miserable!" she whines and I laugh. She continues to beg me while she teases her hair and changes into three different dresses. She decides on a white dress that leaves very little to the imagination. The white color of the dress looks really good with her bright red hair I have to admit. I envy her confidence. I know I have a decent body, curves in all the right places but I am just not comfortable with my body the way she is. I tend to wear clothes that hide my large bust while she tries to make hers draw as much attention as possible.

"I know, I just.. ugh! What the heck?" I yell at my laptop screen that is now all black. I try to turn it off and on but it doesn't change from the black screen.

"It's a sign that you should come. My laptop is in Niall's room so you cant use mine" she smirks and fluffs her hair again. I really don't want to sit in the dorm alone without anything to do or watch.

"Fine, but we are leaving before midnight" I groan and she jumps up and down, clapping her hands.
