His eyes meet mine and I notice that his eyes are green, he hasn't actually made eye contact with me until now. He looks away quickly and I walk past him out of the bathroom. He grabs my arm, not gently and pulls me back.

"Do not touch me!" I yell and jerk my arm from him.

"Have you been crying?" he asks, his tone curious. If it wasn't Harry I might actually think he was concerned.

"Just leave me alone Harry" he stands in front of me, his tall frame blocking my movements. I can't take much more of his games. "Harry, please. I am begging you, if you have one decent bone in your body you will leave me be. Just save whatever mean comment you are going to say for tomorrow. Please" I beg him, literally. A flash of confusion flashes in his eyes before he speaks.

"There is a room down the hall you can sleep in, Steph is already in there." he says. I wait a second for him to say something else, but he doesn't. He just stares at me.

"Okay" I say and he moves out of my way.

"It's the third door on the left." he instructs and heads down the hall. 
"Goodnight Theresa" I hear as he disappears into his bedroom. What the hell was that? Harry without any rude comments? I know I am in for it if I see him tomorrow. He is probably already planning out all the snide comments he will make to me.

The third room on the left is a plain room, much smaller than Harry's with two small beds. It looks more like a dorm room than the large room that Harry has. Maybe he is the leader or something? The more likely explanation is that everyone is afraid of him and he bullied his way into the largest room. Steph is laying across one of the beds so I kick off my shoes and cover her with the blanket before locking the door and laying down on the other bed. My thoughts are all over the place as I fall asleep, images of swallows and green eyes flow through my dreams.
It takes a moment to remember where I am when I wake up. The horrible party and the even worse night floods into my memory and I groan as I climb out of bed. Steph is still passed out, I might as well let her sleep while I find out how we are getting back to the dorms. I put my shoes on and unlock the door. Should I knock on Harry's door or try and find Niall? Is Niall even part of the frat? I would never guessed that Harry is so maybe Niall is too. The hallway is empty and surprisingly clean despite the party last night. I have to step over sleeping bodies as I make my way downstairs.

"Niall?" I call, hoping to hear a reply. There are at least twenty five people sleeping in the living room alone. The floor is littered with red cups and trash. When I reach the kitchen I try to force myself not to clean it up. This will take the whole frat house all day to clean up after this party. I would love to see Harry cleaning up all this trash, as the thought goes through my head I stifle a giggle.

"What's so funny?" I turn around and of course Harry is entering the kitchen, a trash bag in his hand. He sweeps his arm over the counter top, making the cups fall into the trash bag.

"Nothing.. does Niall live here too?' He ignores me and continues to clean up. He must be the only one awake and cleaning. Good, he deserves to have to clean this whole mess up. "Does he?" I ask again, more impatient this time. "The sooner you tell me if Niall lives here, the sooner I can leave,"

"Now you have my attention, but no he doesn't live here. Does he seem like a frat boy to you?" He smirks.

"No, but neither do you," I snap and his jaw tenses.

He ignores my comment and continues to clean. "Is there a bus that runs close to here?" I ask, not expecting an answer.

"Yep, well its about a block away,"

"Could you tell me where it is?"

"It is not that hard to find," the corners of his mouth lift, taunting me.

I roll my eyes and walk out of the kitchen. Harry's momentary lack of rude comments last night was obviously a one time thing and he was coming at me full force today. After the night I had I can't stand to be around him. I wake up Steph and we walk downstairs.

"Harry said there is a bus stop around the block," I tell her and she laughs.

"No way we are not taking the bus, he will drive us back. He was probably just giving you a hard time," she says, her hand resting on my shoulder. "Harry, you ready to take us back now? My head is pounding,"

"Yeah, sure just give me a minute," he says and I scoff. At least he is nice to Steph, I wonder how long they have been friends.

During the drive back to the dorms Steph sings along to whatever metal song is playing through the speakers and Harry rolls all the windows down. Despite my pleas to roll them up. He stays silent the whole way, mindlessly drumming his long fingers against the steering wheel.

"Ill come by later Steph," he tells her as she climbs out of the passenger seat. She nods and waves as I open my door.

"Bye Theresa," he smirks and I roll my eyes and follow her into the dorm.
