"So now that we have our own place I assume you don't want to stay at my father's house still?" Harry asks to change the subject. I force Zayn's beaten face to the back of my mind.

"You'd assume correctly." I smile. "Unless Karen asks then you know I won't say no." I tell him.

I am nervous to see Ken after what Harry told me last night. I am trying to clear it from my mind but it is harder to accomplish than I thought.

"Oh, I almost forgot." He says and reaches for the radio.

I look over at him and he hold his finger up to tell me to wait.

"I decided to give The Fray another try." He informs me.

"Really? And when did you decide this?" I question.

"Well, after our first date at the stream but I didn't open the cd until last week." He admits.

"That was not a date." I tease and he chuckles.

"You let me finger you, I would say that's a date."

He grabs my hand as I try to swat him and kisses my palm. I giggle and wrap my fingers around his slender ones. Images of me laying on the wet t-shirt while Harry gave me my first orgasm flood my thoughts and Harry smirks.

"That was fun. Huh?" He boasts and I laugh.

"Anyway, tell me your evolved opinion on The Fray." I request.

"Well, they are not so bad actually. There is a song that really sticks with me." He says.

"Really?" Now I am even more curious.

"Yea.." He says and his eyes flicker to the road before he presses the button on his radio.

Music floods through the small space and I immediately smile.

"It's called 'never say never'' Harry informs me even though I already know the song, it is one of my favorites.

We silently listen to the lyrics and I can't fight the silly grin on my face. I know he is embarrased slightly by playing this song for me so I don't discuss it, I simply enjoy this tender moment wth Harry.

The rest of the drive is filled with Harry flipping through songs on the album, telling me what he thinks of each song. This small but meaningful gesture means more to me than he will ever know. I love these moments when he shows me a new side of himself. This side is one of my new favorites.

When we arrive to his father's house, the street is full of cars. The crisp wind blows and I shiver. The thin jacket I wore over my dress doesn't have the power to warm me in my small dress. Harry shrugs out of his jacket and lays it over my shoulders. It is surprisingly warm and smells like Harry, my favorite scent.

"Well.. look at you being such a gentleman. Who would have thought?' I tease.

"Don't make me take you back to the car and fuck you." He says and I make a noise between a gasp and squeak which he finds very amusing.

"Do you think you have room in that.. purse thing.. to hold my phone?" He asks.

"It's a clutch and yes." I smile and hold my hand out. He places the object in my palm and as I push it into the small purse, I notice his background is no longer plain gray. The small screen holds the picture of me that he snapped while I was talking to him in the room. My lips are slightly parted and my eyes are full of life. My cheeks have a warm glow, it is strange to see myself that way. This is what he does to me, he makes me come alive.

"I love you." I tell him and close the bag without putting him on the spot about his new background. Ken and Karen's large house is full of people and Harry grips my hand tightly after putting his jacket back on.

"Let's try to find Liam." I suggest.

Harry gives me a nod and leads the way. We end up finding Liam in the living room next to the china cabinet that has replaced the one that Harry broke the first night I came here. That seems so long ago. Liam is surrounded by a group of men who all look to be at least sixty and one of them has their hand on his shoulder. A smile appears on his face when he spots Harry and I and he excuses himself from their conversation. He looks very handsome in a suit similar to Harry's.

"Woah, I never thought I'd live to see you in a suit and tie." Liam laughs.

"If you keep talking about it, you won't live much longer." Harry threatens him but there is humor behind his words as he smiles. I can tell he is warming up to Liam and that makes me happy. Liam is one of my closest friends and I really care for him.

"My mother will be thrilled. And Tessa you look beautiful." He says and pulls me in for a hug. Harry doesn't let go of my hand while I try to hug Liam back so I do my best with one arm.

"Who are all these people?" I ask Liam. I know Ken and Karen haven't been here but a little over a year so it is astounding that they know this many people. There has to be at least two hundred people here.

"Most of them are Ken's friends from the university and the rest of friends and family. I only know about half of them." He laughs.

"Would you guys like a drink? Everyone will be going outside in about ten minutes." Liam says.

"Who's bright idea was it to have an outdoor wedding in December?" Harry complains.

"My mother's." Liam defends. "Besides the tents are heated, obviously."

"You should go let your father know that you are here. He is upstairs, my mother is hiding somewhere with my aunt." Liam adds.

"Uhm.. I think I will just stay down here." Harry says. I caress his hand with my thumb, he gives me an appreciative squeeze and Liam nods.

'Well, I have to go for now but I will see you after." He says and leaves us with a smile.

"Do you want to go outside now?" I ask him and he nods. "I love you." I tell him and he smiles.

"I love you, Tess." He plants a kiss on my cheek.

As Harry opens the back door and gives me his jacket once again. The backyard has been transformed, two large tents take up most of the yard and hanging from the trees and the patio are hundreds of small glowing lanterns. Even in the daylight, they are beautiful.

"I think it's this one." Harry says and gestures to the smaller of the two tents. Smaller than the other but still enormous. About half of the seats are full so and we take a seat in the second to last row, I know Harry doesn't want to be up close.

"I never thought I would be attending my father's wedding." He says to me.
"I know. I am incredibly proud of you for coming. It will mean so much to them." I lean my head on his shoulder and he snakes his arm around my shoulders.

We begin to talk about the beautiful way this tent has been decorated, in all black and white. Simple and elegant.

"I guess the reception is in the other tent?" He says and twirls a piece of my hair between his thumb and index finger.

"I think so. I bet it's even more beatuful than .."

"Harry? Is that you?" A woman's voice says. We both turn our heads to the woman on our left.

An elderly woman in a black and white floral dress and flat shoes stares at us with wide eyes.

"Oh my heavens, it is you." She gasps. Her gray hair is swept back into a simple bun and she is wearing minimal makeup.

All the color has drained from Harry's face as he stands up and greets her. Who is she?

"Gammy." He says and she pulls him in for a tight hug.

"I can't believe your here, I haven't seen you in years. Look at you, you handsome boy. Well man now. I can't believe how tall you are! And what are these?" She scowls and points at his facial piercings.

He flushes and gives out an uncomfortable laugh.

"How have you been?" He asks her and shifts back and forth on the balls of his feet.

"I am good dear, I have missed you so much." She says and pats the corners of her eyes.

"Who is this lovely young woman?" The woman asks.

"Oh.. sorry. This is Tess.. Tessa. My... girlfriend." He answers. "Tessa, this is my gammy.. my grandma." I smile and stand up.

The thought of Harry having grandparents has never crossed my mind, I had assumed they were dead, like mine. He has never brought them up but that isn't surprising.

"It's so nice to meet you." I tell her and reach to shake her hand but she has other plans. She pulls me in for a hug and kisses my cheek.

"The pleasure is all mine, what a beautiful girl you are." She compliments and I flush. "My name is Adele but you will call me gammy." She says in an accent even thicker than Harry's.

"Thank you." I say and she claps her hands in glee.

"I just can't believe you are here, have you seen your father recently? Does he know you are here?" She asks looking back at Harry.

"Yea, I have sort of been coming here lately. He knows I am coming." Harry tells her.

"That is so great to hear, I had no idea." She says and I can tell she is on the brink of tears again.

'Okay everyone, if everyone could take a seat the ceremony will begin shortly." A man with a microphone says.

"Come sit with the family, you shouldn't be all the way back here." His grandmother says and pulls Harry by his arm before he can protest.

He looks back at me and gives me a look that says "help me" but I just smile and follow them to the front. We take a seat next to someone who looks a lot like Karen, I assume it is her sister and Harry takes my hand in his. His grandmother looks down and smiles at our affection before putting her hand on his other one. He stiffens a little but doesn't remove it.

The look on Ken's face when he spots his son sitting in the front row is indescribable, heartwarming, and heartbreaking at the same time. Harry even gives him a small smile which Ken happily returns. Liam stands next to Ken on the stage but Harry doesn't seem to mind, I know he would never had agreed to be up there anyway.

The ceremony is beautiful and I find myself with wet cheeks when Ken's voice cracks into a small sob while reciting his vows to his soon to be bride. Harry looks over at me and smiles, removing his hand from mine and wipes my cheeks. Karen makes a beautiful bride and their first kiss as husband and wife earns cheers and roars from the crowd.

"Sap." He teases and I lay my head on his shoulder.

The crowd moves to the other tent and I was right, it is even more beautiful than the former. The walls of the tent are lined with tables draped in white cloth with black napkins and black and white flowers as a centerpiece. The ceiling is covered in lanterns just like the yard and they provide the subtle glow throughout the room. The middle of the tent is cleared for what appears to be a dance floor with black and white tiles.

"Now, don't you disappear. I want to see you again tonight." Harry's grandmother says and leaves us.

"This is the fanciest wedding I have been to." He says and looks at the white cloth draped across the ceiling.

"I haven't been to a wedding since I was a child." I tell him and he smiles. 

"I like that." He says and kisses my cheek.

I am not used to his public displays of affection but I could get used to them quickly.

'Like what?" I ask as he sits down at one of the tables.

"That you haven't been to a wedding with Noah." He says and I laugh to avoid frowning.

"Me too." I assure him and he smiles.

"Hungry?" He asks and I nod eagerly.

The food is delicious and Harry clears his plate within minutes.

"Do you want me to get you another plate?" I ask him.

"Uh, yea sure. Thank you."

I lean down to kiss his cheek and make my way back to the line of food.

"Tessa?" A familiar voice calls. I look over to see Christian Vance and Trevor standing a few feet away.

"Hello." I smile.

"You look breathtaking." Trevor says and I thank him quietly.

"How are you enjoying your weekend?" Mr. Vance asks me.

"It's great. I always enjoy my week as well." I assure him.

"Oh sure." He laughs and grabs himself a plate.

"No red meat!" Kimberly says from behind him. He rolls his eyes and she blows him a kiss.

Kimberly and Mr. Vance? Who would have thought? I will have to drill her for details on Monday.

"Women." He teases and fills her plate as I do Harry's.

"I'll see you in a few." He smiles and walks back to his date. She waves at me and I wave back to her. A young boy sits on her lap and I wonder if it is their child? I have no idea.

"It's his son." Trevor answers my thoughts.

"Oh." I say and look away from Kimberly.

"His wife passed away five years ago, right after having their son. He hasn't dated anyone until Kim, they have only been seeing each other for a few months but he is head over heels for her." He smiles.

"Well now I know who to hit up for all the office gossip." I joke and we both laugh.

"Babe.." Harry says and wraps his arm around my waist, clearly in an attempt to claim his territory.

"Nice to see you, Harry is it?" Trevor asks.

"Yea." Harry answers shortly. "We better get back to our seats, Liam is looking for you." Harry says and pulls me closer to him, silently dismissing Trevor.

"I'll see you later." I smile politely and hand Harry his plate of food as we walk back to the table.
