My hands find the cold metal of the doorknob to Harry's room and I twist it. Thank god it opens, he must have forgotten to lock it.

"NO! Please.." he yells again. If someone is hurting him, I have no idea what I will do, I didn't think this through. I fumble around for the lamp and switch it on. Harry is shirtless and tangled in the thick comforter, thrashing and tossing in the web. I remember Steph briefly mentioning that she heard Harry has nightmares, the rumor must be true.

Without thinking, I sit on the bed and reach for his shoulder. His skin is hot, too hot. "Harry!" I say quietly, trying to wake him. His head snaps to the side and he whimpers but doesn't wake.

"Harry, wake up!" I cry and shake him harder while my body moves to sit astride his. Both of my hands go to his shoulders once more and I shake him again. His eyes fly open, terror fills them for a brief moment before confusion, then relief. Beads of sweat cover his forehead.

"Tess." He chokes. The way he says my name breaks my heart then heals it. Within seconds he untangles his arms and brings them to my back, pushing me forward to lay on his chest. The wetness of his chest startles me but I stay put. I can hear his heart beating, pumping rapidly against my cheek. Poor Harry. I put both of my hands on his sides, hugging him. He strokes my hair as he repeats my name over and over, as if I am his talisman in the dark.

"Harry, are you okay?" My words are lower than a whisper.

"No." he confesses. His chest is rising and falling slower than it was, but his breathing is still shallow. I don't want to push him to discuss what terror he has just dreamed.

I don't ask him if he wants me to stay, somehow I know he does. When I lift up to turn the lamp off his body stills.

"I am going to switch the light off, or do you want it on?" I ask him. Once he realizes my intentions he relaxes, letting me reach further to the lamp.

"Off please." He begs. Once the room returns to darkness, I lay my head back on his chest. I would imagine laying this way, straddling his body would be an uncomfortable, but it is comforting to him and I both. Hearing his heart beat under the hard surface of his chest is calming, more calming than the patter of the rain on the roof. I would do anything, give anything to be able to spend every night with Harry, to lie this way with him, to have his arms wrapped around my back as his breathing slows.

I wake up to Harry shifting below me. I am still laying on top of him, my knees at his sides. My cheek pressed against his chest, my head lifts up and he makes eye contact with me. In the light of day I am not sure if I am wanted the way I was last night. II can't read his expression, leaving my nerves to take over. My neck feels sore from sleeping on Harry's hard chest, and I need to stretch my legs out.

"Good morning." He gives me a dimpled smile, soothing my fear.

"Good morning." I move to climb off him but he stops me.

"Where are you going?" he questions.

"My neck hurts." I reveal and he brings me to lay next to him, my back pressed against his front. He startles me by bringing his hand to my neck, causing me to jump. I recover quickly as his hand begins to rub my neck. My eyes close and I wince a little at his contact with the ache but it slowly disappears as he massages.

"Thank you." He speaks before me. I turn my head to look at him.

"For what?" Maybe he is telling me to thank him for the neck rub?

"For.. coming in here. For staying." his cheeks flush and his eyes dart away from mine. He is embarrassed. Harry embarrassed, he never ceases to amaze and confuse me.

"You don't have to thank me, do you want to talk about it?" I hope he does, I want to know what he dreams about.

"No." He states and I nod. I want to push it further but I know what will happen if I do.

"You look incredibly sexy wearing my shirt." He coos in my ear. He nudges my head with his and brings his lips to my skin. I realize that he brought me his shirt that he wore yesterday and that is why his scent is so heavy in the fabric. My eyes close in response to his plump lips wrapping around my earlobe, gently tugging. I can feel him hardening against me making me feel drowsy, in an incredible way. Harry's mood changes so quickly, but this type of mood swing is one that I enjoy.

"Harry." I chirp and he chuckles against my neck. His hands travel down my body, he brings his thumb along the waistband of the oversized plaid pajamas. My pulse begins to quicken and I gasp as his hand slides down the front of the pants. He always has the same effect on me, within seconds I feel myself pooling in my panties. His other hand cups my breast and he hisses as he flicks his thumb over my sensitive nipple, making me glad I decided not to sleep in my bra.

"I can't get enough of you, Tes.s" his raspy voice is even deeper with lust. His hand cups me over my panties and pulls me as close to him as possible. His erection pressed against me. I reach down and take his hand, removing it from my pants. When I turn to face him, a frown covers his face.

"I.. I want to do something for you." I whisper slowly, embarrassed.
A smile overtakes the frown and he takes my chin in between his fingers, forcing me to look at him.

"What do you want to do?" He inquires. I don't know exactly, I just know I want to make him feel as good as he does me. I want to see him lose control like I did last weekend, in this same room.

"I don't know.. what do you want me to do?" My lack of experience is evident in my voice. Harry puts my hands in his and slides it down to the bulge in his pants.

"I really want your plump lips wrapped around me." I gasp at his words, and feel the pressure in between my thighs.

"Is that something you want?" He asks, his hands moving circles over crotch. His dark eyes regarding me, gaging my reaction.

I nod and gulp, earning a smile from him. He sits up and pulls me to join him. Nervousness and want both flood through my body. The loud jingle of his ringtone echoes through the room and he groans before snatching it off of the table. His eyes meet the screen and he sighs.

"I will be right back." He informs me and disappears out of the room. He returns a few minutes later and his mood has changed once more.

"Karen is making breakfast, it's almost finished." He pulls open the dresser and grabs a t-shirt. Tossing it over his head without looking in my direction.

"Oka.y" I stand up and advance to the door. I need to get back to my room and put a bra on.

"See you downstairs." his tone is emotionless. I swallow the lump rising in my throat. Guarded Harry is my least favorite Harry, even less liked than angry Harry. I nod and walk across the hall. Why can't he just stay in a good mood? I smell the bacon from upstairs and my stomach grumbles. Who called Harry and why did it make him return to the room so distant?

I put my bra on, and pull the drawstring on the plaid pants as tight as it will go. I contemplate putting my dress back on, but I really don't want to be uncomfortable this early in the morning. My feet carry me to the large mirror on the wall, I run my fingers through my unruly hair and wipe the sleep from my eyes.

As I close the bedroom door, Harry opens his. Instead of looking at him, I focus on the wallpaper and walk forwards down the hall. I can hear his steps behind me, when I reach the staircase his hand wraps around my elbow, pulling me gently.

"What's wrong?" He asks. Worry seems to be clouding his features.

"Nothing Harry." I snap. I am overly emotional and I haven't even had breakfast yet.

"Tell me." he demands, he dips his head down so that his face is in full view. I give in. "Who called you?"

"No one." He lies.

"Was it Molly?" I don't want to know the answer.

He doesn't say anything, his expression gives away that I am right. He left the room as I was about to.. do that to him .. to answer a phone call from Molly? I should be more surprised than I am.

"Tessa, It's not.." He begins. I pull my arm from his grip and he clenches his jaw.

"Hey guys." Liam appears in the hall and I smile. His hair is sticking up slightly and he is wearing plaid pants similar to mine. He looks adorable and sleepy. I pass Harry and move towards Liam. I refuse to let Harry know how embarrassed and hurt I am by him answering Molly's call while with me.

"How did you sleep last night?" Liam asks and I follow him down the stairs, leaving a frustrated Harry to himself.

Karen has went all out on breakfast, I knew she would. Harry joins us at the table a few minutes later. I decide on eggs, bacon, toast, a waffle and a few grapes to fill my plate.

"Thank you so much for making this breakfast for us." I tell Karen on Harry and I's behalf. I know Harry won't be bothered with thanking her.
"It is my pleasure dear, how did you sleep? I hope the storm didn't keep you awake." She smiles.

Harry tenses beside me, he must be worried I will mention his nightmare. He should know by now I would never do that.

"I slept great actually, I sure didn't miss my bed in my dorm." I laugh and everyone joins me, except Harry of course. He takes a drink of his orange juice and keeps his eyes focused on the wall. Mindless breakfast chatter fills the dining room as Ken and Liam banter about a football game.

"If you don't mind me asking, is that a greenhouse in the backyard?" I ask Karen and help her clean up the kitchen once again. Harry surprises me by hovering in the doorway, not offering to help of course, just watching me.
"Yes, it is. I haven't done much with it this year but I absolutely love gardening. You should have seen it last summer." she smiles. "Do you like to garden?"

"Oh yes, my mother has a greenhouse out back as well and it was where I spent most of my free time as a child."

"Really? Well maybe if you two come around more often, we could make something out of mine." She offers. She is so kind, and loving. Everything I wish I had in a mother.

"That would be lovely." I smile and Harry clears his throat. We both turn to look at him.

"We should get going soon." Harry says and I frown. I knew my time here would end but it has been such a nice departure from my normal life, no lists, no alarms, no obligations. I am not ready for it to end. He disappears and returns minutes later with my clothes and purse in his hands, holding out my toms from my purse. It's a little discomforting that he went through my things but I overlook it. We say our goodbyes and I hug Karen and Ken while Harry waits impatiently by the door. I promise them that we will return soon, hoping that it will come true.
