Harry's hand moves to the back of my neck in a desperate attempt to be closer to me as we kiss. I can feel all of his anger and frustration being transferred into lust and affection, his mouth is hungry and his kisses sloppy as he walks backwards with our lips still attached. He guides me with one hand on my hip and behind my head, I trip over his feet and stumble just as his legs reach the end of his bed causing both of us to fall back onto the bed. In an attempt to take control from him, I straddle his torso and pull my sweatshirt and tank top over my head at the same time, leaving me in my lacey bra. His eyes widen and he tries to pull me down to kiss him but I have other plans. Reaching behind my back my rushed fingers find my bra clasp and I unsnap it before pulling the straps down my shoulders and letting the fabric hit the bed behind me. Harry's hands are warm as he reaches up and cups my chest in his large palms, kneading them roughly. I grip his wrists and remove his hands from my skin and shake my head. His head tilts in confusion before I climb down his body and unbutton his pants. He helps me tug them down to his knees along with his boxers. My fingers immediately grip around his length, he gasps and when I look at his face his eyes are closed. I pump slowly before dipping down and bravely taking him into my mouth. I try to remember his instructions from last time and repeat the things that I know he liked.

"Fuck..Tessa. " He pants and wraps his hands into my hair. This is the longest he has been silent during any sexual experience we have shared and I realize much to my own amusement that I missed his dirty words.

I move my body while continuing to please him so that I am in between his knees as he sits up and watches me.

"You look so sexy like this, with that smart mouth of yours wrapped around me." He says and grips my hair harder.

I feel the heat gathering between my legs and move my head faster, wanting to hear him moan my name again. He lifts his hips slightly off of the bed pushing himself down my throat. My eyes begin to water and I can barely breath but hearing my name fall from his lips repeatedly makes it that much better. Seconds later, he removes his hands from my hair and cups my face, stopping me from moving further. The metallic scent of his bloody knuckles hits my nose but I ignore the reflex to pull away.

"I'm going to come.." He tells me. "So if there is anything else you.. you know want to do then you should stop blowing me." Oh.

I don't want to speak, to give away how desperate I am to have him make love to me, so I stand up and slide my jeans down my legs and step out of them. When I begin to remove my panties Harry's hand reaches out and stops me.

"I want you to leave these on.. for now." He coos. I nod and gulp. Anticipation consuming me.

"Come here." He gestures and pulls his shirt over his head. He scoots to the edge of the bed and pulls me onto him.

Our feverish exchange in the beginning has slowed and the tension between us has significantly decreased. His chest is flushed and his eyes are wild. The feeling of sitting on his lap while he is completely naked and ready.. and I am only dressed in panties is exquisite. He holds the small of my back with one hand, the length of his outstretched hand firmly holds me in place and his lips meet mine once again.

"I love you." He whispers into my mouth as his fingers move my panties to the side.

"I ..love you.." I gasp at the immediate pleasure of the intrusion.

He moves his fingers slowly, too slowly and I instinctively rock back and forth to create a faster pace.

"That's it baby..fuck.. You're always so ready for me." He groans and I continue to rock against his hand. My breathing and moans accelerate, it still surprises me how quickly my body responds to Harry. He knows every little thing to do and say.

"You are going to listen to me from now on. Am I right?" He says against my neck, gently biting the skin. What?

"Tell me you will listen to me or I won't let you come." He can't be serious.
"Harry.." I plea and try to move faster but he stops me.

"Okay.. Okay.. just please." I beg and he smirks. I want to slap him for doing this right now. He is using my most vulnerable time against me but I can't find my anger through my need for him. I am all too aware of his bare skin against mine, only my thin panties between us.

"Please." I repeat and he nods.

"Good girl." He says in my ear and guides my hips to move again as his fingers pump in and out.

I feel myself inching closer and closer to the edge in no time at all. Harry whispers filthy things in my ear, some of which I have never even heard of and I grip onto his arms to keep myself from falling off the bed as I come undone under his touch.

"Open your eyes. I want to watch what only I can do to you." He instructs and I do my best to keep them open as my orgasm overtakes me.

My head falls onto his chest and my arms wrap under his arms hugging him tight as I try to catch my breath.

"I can't believe you tried to.." I begin to scold him but he silences me by running his tongue along my bottom lip. My breath comes out in spurts as I am still recovering from my high.

I reach my hand down in between us and grab ahold of him. He winces and pulls my lip between his, sucking lightly. I decide to take a page from the Harry Styles sex handbook and grip him harder.

"Apologize and I will give you what you want." I say as seductively as I possibly can into his ear.

"What?" His face is priceless.

"You heard me." I keep my face neutral and pump him in one hand and slide my soaking panties over with the other.

He whimpers as I rub him against me.

"I'm sorry." He blurts, his cheeks a deep shade of red.

"Just let me fuck you.. please." He begs and I laugh. My laughter is cut short by him reaching over to the nightstand and pulling out a small packet. He wastes no time putting it on and kissing me again.

"I don't know if you are ready to do it this way, if it is too intense tell me. Okay baby?" Suddenly he is back to sweet and gentle Harry.

"Okay." I answer.

He lifts me up slightly and I feel the condom brush against me and the fullness as he lowers me onto him.

"Oh my." I say and close my eyes. "Is it okay?" He questions. "Yea..just.. different." I stammer.

It hurts, not nearly as much as before but the feeling is still unpleasant and foreign. I keep my eyes closed and move my hips a little, trying to decrease the pressure.

"Good different or bad?" His voice is strained and the vein in his forehead is showing.

"Shh.. stop talking." I say and move again.

He moans and apologizes, promising to give me a minute to adjust. I have no idea how much time passes before I move my hips again. The discomfort eases dramatically the more I move and Harry wraps his arms around my back, hugging me close to him as he moves to meet my hips. This way is much better, him holding me as he makes love to me. He kisses me the entire time and our bodies synchronize perfectly. I keep my eyes open to watch Harry as a bead of sweat rolls down his forehead.

"You are everything to me, I can't lose you." He says as my lips move over his neck and shoulder. His skin is salty and damp and perfect.

"I'm close baby." He groans and moves his hands up and down my back as I try to pick up speed. He laces his fingers through mine and the intimacy of the gesture makes me weak.

I feel my stomach tightening and he whispers how much I mean to him as we both tense. Our moan intertwine along with our bodies as we finish. He practically falls back, laying on the bed and takes me with him. I barely notice him discarding the condom as I come back to reality.

"I am glad you came after me." I finally say after a long but pleasant silence.

With my head laying on his bare chest, I can hear his rapid heart beat slowing.

"Me too. I wasn't going to, but I had to. I am sorry for telling you to leave. I can be an asshole sometimes." He says. I lift my head up and look at him.

"Sometimes?" I smile.

He lifts one of his hands off of my back and pokes me on the nose with his index finger making me giggle.

"You weren't complaining five minutes ago." He points out.

I shake my head and lay it back down onto his clammy skin. My fingers trace the heart tattoo near his shoulder and I notice the goose bumps raise on his skin.

"That's because you're better at that stuff than you are at dating." I tease.

"I won't argue there." He chuckles and moves my hair from my face. One of my favorite things that he does is when he caresses my cheek. His finger tips are rough but they somehow feel like silk against my skin.

"What happened between you and Dan? I mean before tonight?" I ask him. I probably shouldn't ask but I have to know.

"What? Who told you there was a problem between Dan and I?" He lifts my chin to look at him.

"Jace. He didn't say what it was though, he just said it was a long time coming. What did he mean by that?"

"Just some bullshit thing that happened last year, it's nothing for you to worry about. I promise." He says and smiles. It doesn't meet his eyes but I don't feel like pushing it.

I am happy that we worked through our problem for once and that we are getting better at communicating with one another.

"You're going to meet me after you leave Vance tomorrow right? I don't want anyone to take that apartment before us." He says.

"We don't have any furniture." I remind him.

"It comes furnished. But we can add things or change whatever we want after we move in."

"How much is it?" I ask. I know I don't want to hear the answer to that. I can only imagine how expensive it is if it comes already furnished.

"Don't worry about that, all you need to worry about is how much the cable will be." He smiles and kisses my forehead.

"So what do you say? You're still in right?" He asks. "And groceries." I point out and he frowns.

"But yes, I am still in."

'Are you going to tell your mother?"

"I don't know. I will eventually but I know what she will say. Maybe I should let her get used to the fact that we are together first. We are so young and already moving in together, I don't want to send her into a mental ward." I laugh despite the slight pain in my chest. I wish things could be simple with my mother and she could be happy for me but I know that isn't plausible.

"I am sorry that this is happening between the two of you. I know it's my fault. I am too selfish to remove myself from the situation though." He admits.

"It's not your fault. She is just.. well she is the way she is." I say and kiss his chest.

"You need to get to sleep baby, you have to be up in the morning and its almost midnight." He says.

"Midnight? I thought it was much later." I say and roll off of him and lay in front of him.

"Well, if you weren't so tight I would have lasted longer." He says into my ear.

"Goodnight!" I groan. He laughs and kisses the back of my neck before turning the light off.
