We find the room that Steph and I stayed in last week, unfortuanlty one of the beds is occupied by a snoring drunk guy. "At least that bed is empty" Zayn laughs and I giggle. "I am going to walk back to my place, if you want to come? I have a couch you could sleep on" he offers. I need to think clearly for a second, Zayn, like Harry, hooks up with a lot of different girls. If I agree to this it could mean I am offering to kiss him.. well I have a feeling with those good looks it is easy for Zayn to get girls to do more than kiss.

"I think I will just stay here in case Steph comes back" His face falls a little but he gives me an understanding smile. He tells me to be careful, giving me a hug goodbye. The door closes as he leaves and I can't help but lock it. Who knows who will come in? I look over at the comatose snoring man, I don't think he is waking up anytime soon. The tiredness I felt downstairs has somehow faded, my mind going back to Harry and his comment about how Noah hasn't slept with me yet. It may seem strange to Harry, who sleeps with a different girl every weekend, but Noah is a gentleman. We don't need to have sex, we have fun together doing other things like.. well.. we go to the movies and go for walks. This is why I promised not to drink again because my mind doesn't work correctly. I find myself staring at the ceiling, counting the tiles to try to sleep. The moment my eyes close I hear the drunk guy rustling around on the other bed. I ignore it and begin to drift off.
"I haven't seen you.. around here before" a deep voice slurs. I jump up and his head bumps my chin, causing me to bite my tongue, hard. He puts his hand on the bed, inches away from my thighs. His breathing is ragged and smells like vomit and liquor. "What's your name pretty girl? He breaths and I gag. My small arm flies up to push his shoulder, trying to get him away from me. It doesn't work, he just laughs.

"I'm not going to hurt you, I just want to have some fun." He says and licks his lips, leaving a string of saliva down his chin. My stomach turns and the only thing I can think to do is kick him, hard. He grabs his knee and stumbles back, giving me my chance to bolt. My shaky fingers fumble with the lock and finally it opens. The few people in the hallway give me odd stares as I rush past them. "Come on, come back here!" I hear the disgusting voice say and he is following me down the hall. I don't remember the hallway being this long before. The party goers don't seem to be phased by a girl being chased down the hall. He is now only a feet away from me, stumbling over his own feet giving me a few extra seconds. Where will I even go? My feet take me down the hall and to the left to the only place that I know in this damned fraternity house.

"Harry!! Harry please open the door!" I yell, one hand banging on the door and one trying to twist the locked door knob.

"Harry!!" I scream again and the door flies open. I don't know what made me come to his room out of all places but I would rather take Harry's verbal assault than the drunk guy trying to have his way with me any day.

"Tess?" Harry asks, seeming confused. He wipes his eyes with his hand. He is wearing only black boxer briefs, and his hair is sticking up all over. Ironically, I am more surprised by how good he looks than by the fact he called me 'Tess' insead of 'Theresa' for once.

"Harry, please can I come in? This guy.." I say and look behind me. Harry pushes past me and looks down the hall. His eyes meet the drunk guy and the creep changes from scary to frightened. He looks at me one more time before turning around and walking back down the hall. What the hell was that?

"Do you know him?" My voice is shaky and small.

"Yea, get inside" he says and pulls me by my arm into his room. I can't help but watch the way his muscles move under his inked skin as he walks back to his bed. His back has no tattoos on it, I find that strange since his chest, arms and stomach are covered. He rubs his eyes again. "Are you okay?" His voice is raspier than ever from just being woken up.

"Yea.. I am sorry for coming here and waking you up" Why am I apologizing to Harry? He should be apologizing to me, but he did just help me escape from the creep.

Harry's hand runs through his messy hair and he sighs. "Don't worry about it. Did he touch you?" he asks. There is no trace of sarcasm or humor in his expression.

"No, he tried though. I was stupid enough to lock myself in a room with a drunk stranger so I suppose it's my fault" the idea of him touching me makes me want to cry, again. Why am I so emotional every time I am at this house.

"It's not your fault that he did that. You aren't used to this type of.. situation" his voice is kind and totally opposite of his usual voice. I walk across the room towards his bed, silently asking him for permission. His hand pats the bed and I sit down with my hands in my lap.

"I have no plans on getting used to it. This really is the last time I am coming here, or to any parties for that matter. I don't know why I even tried. And that guy..he was just so.."

"Don't cry, Tess" Harry whispers. I hadn't realized I was. He brings his hand up and I fight the urge to flinch away, what is he doing? The pad of his thumb captures the tear before it rolls down my cheek. My lips part in surprise from his gentle touch. Who is this guy and where is the snarky, rude Harry? I look up to meet his green eyes and his pupils dilate. "I hadn't noticed how gray your eyes are" he says so low that I lean closer to hear him. His hand is still on my face, my mind is racing. He takes his lip ring between his teeth, pulling half of his bottom lip in his mouth. Harry removes his hand from my face and I look at his lips once more. My conscious and my hormones are battling but my conscious loses at I crash my lips against his, catching him totally off guard.
