"Why are you asking me this?" He glares right back.

"I don't know.. because I have been nothing but nice to you and you are always rude. I thought we could be friends" How stupid does that sound. my hand pinches the bridge of my nose and I wait for his answer.

"Us? Friends?" He laughs. "Isn't it obvious why we can't be friends?"

"Not to me"

"Well for starters you are too uptight, you probably grew up in some perfect little model home that looks like every other house on the block, your parents probably bought you everything you wanted and you never had to want for anything. With your stupid pleated skirts, I mean honestly who dresses like that at 18?" He says and my mouth falls open.

"You know nothing about me! My life is nothing like that! My alcoholic dad left us when I was ten and my mom worked her ass off to make sure I could go to college, I got my own job as soon I turned 16 to help with bills and I happen to like my clothes, sorry if I don't dress like a slut like all the girls around you! For someone who tries to hard to stand out and be different, you sure are judgmental" I scream and he balls his fists. I feel the tears prick my eyes and turn around to wipe them before we notices.

"You know what, I don't want to be friends with you anyway Harry" I tell him and reach for the door handle. The vodka has made me brave causing me to scream at Harry.

"Where are you going?" He asks. He is so unpredictable and moody.

"I am going to the bus stop so I can go back to my room and never, ever come back here again. I am done trying to be friends with any of you"

"It's too late to take the bus alone"

"You are not seriously trying to act like you care if something happened to me" I laugh. I can't keep up with him.

"I am not saying I do.. I am just warning you. It is a bad idea"

"Well Harry, I don't have any other options. Everyone is drunk, including myself" I say and the tears come. I am humiliated that Harry out of all people, is seeing my cry, again.

"Do you always cry at parties?" He asks with a small smile.

"Apparently, since these are the only parties I have ever attended," I reach the door again and open it.

"Theresa" He says so soft that I almost don't hear him. His face is unreadable. The room starts to spin again and I grab onto the dresser next to his door. "You okay?" He asks. I nod even though I feel nauseous. "Why don't you just sit down for a few minutes, then you can go to the bus station"

I nod again. I walk back out and once again he calls my name. "You can sit in here.. I guess" he says and lets out a deep breath.

"I thought no one was allowed in your room?' I ask him and sit on the floor.

"It won't happen again" he snaps. So he is back to himself. I hiccup and a small smile plays on his lips. "If you throw up in my room.." he warns.

"I think I just need some water" I say and move to stand up.

"Here" he says, handing me his red cup. I roll my eyes and push it away. "I said water, not beer"

"It is water, I don't drink" he says. A noise between a gasp and a laugh. There is no way Harry doesn't drink. I don't remember him taking a drink from the bottle of vodka, but still? "Surprised?" He asks and I nod.

"You're not going to sit here and babysit are you?" I really just want to be alone in my drunken state. I am starting to feel guilty for yelling at Harry. "You bring out the worst in me" I say aloud, not meaning to.

"That's harsh." He says, his tone serious. "And yes, I am going to sit here and babysit you. You are drunk for the first time in your life, and you have a habit of touching my things when I am not around." he says and takes a seat on his bed. I grab the cup of water and take a drink, I can taste a hint of mint on the rim and can't help but think about how Harry's mouth would taste. God, I am never drinking again. I remind myself as I sit back down on the floor.
After minutes of silence Harry finally speaks up. "Can I ask you a question?"

The look on his face tells me I should say no but I can't help but say, 

"Sure"

"What do you want to do after college?" He asks and I laugh. That is the last thing I thought he would ask. I assumed he would ask why I am a virgin or why 
I don't drink.

"Well, I want to be an author or a publisher, whichever comes first." I probably shouldn't have been honest with him, he will just make fun of me. Feeling brave, I ask him the same question earning an eye roll from him but no answer. "Are those your books?" I ask him, even though he probably won't give me answer.

"They are" he mumbles. "Which is your favorite?" "I don't have a favorite"

I sigh and pick at a small fray on my jeans. There shouldn't be a fray already, they are new but I will worry about that later. "Does Mr. Roger's know you're at a party again?" He smirks.

"Mr. Rogers?" I don't get it.

"Your boyfriend. He is the biggest square I have even seen"

"Don't talk about him like that, he is.. he is..nice" I stutter. Harry laughs and I stand up. He doesn't know Noah at all. "You could only dream of being as nice as he is" I snap.

"Nice? That's the first word that comes to your mind when talking about your boyfriend? Nice is your 'nice' way of calling him boring."

"He isn't boring, you don't know him"

"I know that he is boring. I could tell by his cardigan and loafers" Harry's head rolls back in laughter and I can't ignore his dimples.

"He doesn't wear loafers" I say and cover my mouth so I don't laugh with him at my boyfriend's expense. I grab the water and take a drink.

"Well he has been dating you for two years and hasn't fucked you yet, I would say he is a square." he says and I spit the water back into the cup.

"What the hell did you just say?" Just when I think we can get along he says something like that.

"You heard me Theresa" he smiles.

"You're an asshole Harry" I growl and throw the half empty cup of water at his face. His reaction is exactly what I hoped for. Complete shock, His large hand wipes off the excess water as I storm out of the room. He is so infuriating, decent one minute and completely crude the next. I push my way through the crowd and find the kitchen again. The anger I feel has overcome my nausea and all I want is another drink. I have to get Harry's dimpled smirk out of my head. I spot Zayn's black hair through the crowd and walk towards him. He is sitting with a cute preppy boy who happens to be holding a bottle of liquor.

"Hey Tessa, this is my friend Louis." Zayn says, introducing us. Louis smiles at me and I return it. Louis must notice my eyes on the bottle because he holds it out. "Want some?" He asks and passes it to me. The familiar burn feels good, it ignites my body again and I momentarily forget about Harry.

"Have you seen Steph?" I ask Zayn and he shakes his head.

"I think her and Tristan may have left" She left? What the hell? I should care more but the vodka skews my judgment and I find myself thinking Steph and Tristan would make a cute couple. A few drinks later, I feel amazing. This must be why people drink all the time. I vaguely remember promising myself that I will never drink again but it's not so bad.

Fifteen minutes later, Zayn and Louis have me laughing so hard that my stomach hurts. They are much better company than Harry. "You know Harry is a real ass" I tell them and they laugh.

"Yea, he can be sometimes." Zayn agrees and snakes his arm around me. I want to move it but I don't want to make it awkward because I know he doesn't mean anything by it. Minutes turn to hours and I haven't seen Harry or Steoh. The crowd starts to die down and I start to feel tired. It dawns on me that I have no way to get back to the dorms.

"Do the buses run all night?" I slur. Zayn shrugs and says he doesn't know. "Ill be back in a minute" I tell them and stand up. Once again the effects of the vodka hit me as I stand up. "Ugh, just who I wanted to see" I groan as Harry's mop of curls appears in front of me.

"You and Zayn then?" Harry's voice is thick with an emotion that I can't quite register.

"You are so obnoxious! I am trying to find out about the bus" I push past him and he grabs my arm. He has no boundaries. "Let go of me Harry" I look for another cup to toss in his face.

"Chill out.. its three am. There isn't a bus. You're stuck staying here again" His smile is so mocking that it makes me want to smack him. "Unless you want to go home with Zayn" he lets go of my arm and I go back to the couch with Zayn and Louis. I hope that same room from last weekend is empty I should probably find out soon. I tell Zayn about my plan and he offers to walk me upstairs to find out.
