"Tess.." I feel Harry's breath on my cheek.

"Go away." I groan and roll over to bury my head in the couch.

"Tess...please. I can't sleep." He whines.

I don't look at him, I can't keep letting him treat me this way. I know I should have left earlier but in all honesty, where would I go?

He sighs and I feel his presence leave. I grab my phone and check the time, it is a little after midnight so I try to force myself to go back to sleep.

"No!!" I hear Harry scream from the other room. I jump off the couch without thinking and rush to our bedroom. He is thrashing in the thick blanket and covered in sweat.

"Harry, wake up." I say gently and shake his shoulder, moving a soaked curl from his forehead with my other hand.

His eyes snap open and they are full of terror.

"It's okay.. shh.. it was just a nightmare." I do my best to soothe him. My fingers play in his hair and then brush over his cheek.

He is shaking as I climb into bed behind him and wrap my arms around his waist. I feel him relax as I press my face against his clammy skin.

"Please. Stay with me." He begs. I sigh and stay quiet, tightening my grip around him.

"Thank you." He whispers and within minutes he is asleep again.

The water doesn't seem to get hot enough to relax my tense muscles no matter how high I turn it up. I am exhausted the lack of sleep I got last night and the frustration that comes from dealing with Harry. He was asleep when I got into the shower and I pray he stays that way until I leave for my internship.

Unfortunately my prayers go unanswered and he is standing by the kitchen counter when I get out of the bathroom.

"You look beautiful today." He says calmly.

I roll my eyes and walk past him to grab a cup of coffee before I have to leave.

"So you aren't speaking to me then?" He questions.

"Not right now, no. I have to go to work and I don't have the energy to do this with you right now." I snap.

"But you.. you came to bed with me." He pouts.

"Yea, only because you were screaming and shaking. That doesn't mean you are forgiven. I need an explanation for everything, all secrets, all the fights, even the nightmares or I'm done." I surprise him and myself by saying.

"Tessa.. it's not that simple." He groans and runs his hands over his hair.

"Yea, it is actually. I trusted you enough to give up my relationship with my mother and move in with you so soon, you should trust me enough to tell me what is going on."

"You won't understand. I know you won't." He says.

"Try me."

"I.. I can't." He stutters.

"Then I can't be with you. I'm sorry but I have given you a lot of chances and you keep.." I begin.

"Don't say that. Don't you dare try and leave me." His tone is angry but his eyes are hurt.

"Then give me some answers. What is it that you think I wouldn't understand? About your nightmares?" I ask.

"Tell me you aren't going to leave me." He pleas.

Standing my ground with Harry is proving to be much harder than I imagined, especially when he looks so broken.

"I have to go. I am already running late." I tell him and go to the room to get dressed as quickly as I can. Part of me is happy that he didn't follow me into the room but part of me wishes he did.

He is still standing in the kitchen, shirtless, and gripping his coffee mug with white and busted knuckles when I leave.

My conscious is mewling over everything Harry said this morning. What could I possibly not understand? I would never judge him for something that causes him to have nightmares. I hope that is what he was talking about but I can't ignore the feeling that I am missing something very obvious here.

I feel guilty and tense almost all day but Kimberly emails me the link to one too many funny YouTube videos to keep up with my sour mood. By lunch, I almost forget the problem at home.

*I'm sorry for everything, please come home after work.* Harry texts me while Kimberly and I eat off of a muffin basket someone sent Christian Vance.

Is that him?" She asks.

"Yea.. I stood up to him but I feel terrible for some reason. I know I am right but you should have seen him this morning." I tell her.

"Good, hopefully he learns his lesson. Did he tell you where he was?" She asks.

"Nope, that's the problem." I groan and eat another muffin.

*Please answer me Tessa. I love you.* He sends minutes later.

"Just answer the poor guy." Kimberly smiles and I nod.

*I will be home.* I respond.

Why is it so hard for me to hold my ground with him? Mr. Vance lets everyone go a little after three so I decide to stop by a salon on the way home and get my hair trimmed and a manicure for the wedding tomorrow. I hope we can work this out before the wedding because the last thing I want to do is take an already angry Harry to his father's wedding.

By the time I get home it is almost six o'clock and I have multiple texts from Harry which I have ignored. When I get to our door I take a deep breath to mentally prepare for what is to come. we will either end up screaming at each other which will lead to one of us leaving, or we will actually talk through it and work it out. Harry is pacing back and forth across the cement floor when I enter. His eyes shoot up to my figure in the doorway and he looks relieved.

"I thought you weren't coming." He says and steps towards me.

"Where else would I go?" I retaliate and walk past him into the bedroom.

"I.. well I made dinner for you." He says. He is totally unrecognizable right now. His hair is down across his forehead instead of pushed up and back like it normally is. He is wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt and black sweats and he seems nervous, worried and almost afraid?

"Oh.. why?" I can't help but ask. I change into sweats of my own and Harry's face falls further when I don't put his shirt on that he has clearly laid on the dresser for me.

"Because I am an asshole." He answers.

"Yea.. you are." I respond and walk back into the kitchen.

The meal looks much more appetizing than I thought it would even though I am not sure what it is, some sort of chicken pasta I think.

"It's chicken Florentine." He answers my thoughts.

"Hmm."

"You don't have to.." His voice is small.

This is such a different scene than usual and for the first time since I met him I feel like I have the upper hand.

"No, it looks good. I am just surprised." I tell him and take a bite. It tastes even better than it looks.

"Your hair looks nice." He compliments. My thought travel back to the last time I had a haircut and Harry was the only one to notice.

"I need answers." I remind him.

"I know, and I am going to give them to you." He breathes.

I take another bite to hide my satisfaction with myself for holding my ground with him.

"First, I want you to know that no one, I mean no one except my mother and father know this." He says and picks at the scabs on his knuckles.
I nod and take another bite.

"Okay.. well here goes..." He says nervously before continuing. "One night, when I was around seven my father was out at the bar across the street from our home. He went there almost every night and everyone knew him there which is why it was a terrible idea for him to piss anyone off there. This night, he did just that. He started a fight with some soldiers who were just as plastered as him and he ended up smashing a beer bottle over one of their heads."

I have had no idea where this is going but I know it won't be pleasant.
"Keep eating please.." He begs and I nod and try not to stare at him as he continues.

"He left the bar and they came across the road to our house, to pay him back for smashing the guy's face I guess. The problem was that he didn't come home they just thought he did and my mum was asleep on the couch, waiting up for my dad. Sort of how you were last night." He says and meets his green eyes to mine. "So when they found my mum first.." He trails off and stares at the wall.

"Harry.." I whisper and grab his hand across the table.

"When I heard her screaming I came downstairs and tried to get them off of her. Her nightgown was ripped open and she just kept screaming for me to go.. she was trying to keep me from seeing what they were doing to her but I couldn't just leave. You know?" He says.

When he blinks back a tear my heart breaks for the seven year old curly haired boy watching those horrendous things happen to his mother. I climb onto his lap on the chair and put my face against his neck.

"Long story short, I tried to fight them off but it didn't do any good. By the time my father stumbled through the door, I had put an entire box of band aids all over her body to try to.. I don't know.. fix her or something. How stupid is that?" He says into my hair.

I look up at him and he frowns. "Don't cry.." He whispers but I can't help it. I never imagined his nightmares were from something so terrible.

"I'm sorry I made you tell me." I sob.

"No.. baby it's okay. It actually felt good to tell someone." He assures me.

"After that, I would only sleep downstairs on the couch so if someone came in.. they would get to me first. Then the nightmares came.. and they just kind of stuck. I went to a few therapists once my father left but nothing seemed to help, until you." He gives me a weak smile.

Now that I have a few more pieces of the puzzle that is Harry, I can understand him more.

"I'm sorry I was out all night, I don't want to be that guy. I don't want to be him." He says and hugs me tighter.

My opinion of Ken has changed drastically in the last five minutes. I know people change and he obviously has but I can't help the anger bubbling inside me. Harry is the way he is because of his father, because of the drinking, the negligence, and the terrible night that his father wasn't there to protect his wife and son. I didn't get all the answers I wanted but I got much more than I ever expected.

"I won't do it again... I swear.. Just please tell me you won't leave me?" He mutters.

"I won't leave you." Every ounce of anger and entitlement I felt has evaporated.

"I love you Tessa, more than anything." He says and wipes my tears.
